docs/pbc/all/identity-access-management/202410.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-oauthcompanyuser-module.md, before:

---
title: Upgrade the OauthCompanyUser module
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-oauthcompanyuser
originalArticleId: 6744cb78-6677-4c30-bc0f-87c2931c71ba
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-oauthcompanyuser.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-oauthcompanyuser.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-oauthcompanyuser.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-oauthcompanyuser.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-oauthcompanyuser.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-oauthcompanyuser.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/identity-access-management/202204.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-oauthcompanyuser-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oauthcompanyuser-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oauthcompanyuser-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC IAM SEO Update
The following pages meta description has been updated for an SEO Update;
- Identity Access Management
- Install and upgrade > install the customer access glue api
- Install and upgrade > install the customer account management glue api
- Install and upgrade > install the spryker core back office feature
- Install and upgrade > upgrade the oauth module
- Install and upgrade > upgrade the oauth company users module
- manage using glue api > glue api authenticate as a back office user
- manage using glue api > glue api authenticate as a company user
- manage using glue api > glue api authenticate as an agent assist
- manage using glue api > glue api confirm customer registration
- manage using glue api > glue api create customers
- manage using glue api > glue api delete expired refresh tokens
- manage using glue api > glue api manage agent assist authentication tokens
- manage using glue api > glue api manage company user authentication tokens
- manage using glue api > glue api manage customer authentication tokens
- manage using glue api > glue api manage customer passwords

docs/pbc/all/identity-access-management/202410.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-oauthcompanyuser-module.md, after:

---
title: Upgrade the OauthCompanyUser module
description:  Learn how to migrate and update to a newer version of Oauth company user module from an older one in your Spryker project.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-oauthcompanyuser
originalArticleId: 6744cb78-6677-4c30-bc0f-87c2931c71ba
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-oauthcompanyuser.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-oauthcompanyuser.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-oauthcompanyuser.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-oauthcompanyuser.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-oauthcompanyuser.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-oauthcompanyuser.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/identity-access-management/202204.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-oauthcompanyuser-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oauthcompanyuser-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oauthcompanyuser-module.md -->
