docs/ca/dev/configure-debugging.md, before:

---
title: Configure debugging
description: Enable extended logs for an application to debug it.
template: howto-guide-template
last_updated: Oct 6, 2023
originalLink: https://cloud.spryker.com/docs/debugging
originalArticleId: 23eb2efb-7de7-46d5-a525-1524e8d66d08
redirect_from:
  - /docs/debugging
  - /docs/en/debugging
  - /docs/cloud/dev/spryker-cloud-commerce-os/debugging
  - /docs/cloud/dev/spryker-cloud-commerce-os/configuring-debugging.html
---

{% info_block warningBox "Security" %}

Once debugging is completed, turn off debugging mode. Leaving it permanently enabled can lead to the disclosure of sensitive information.

{% endinfo_block %}

Currently, Xdebug is not supported, but you can enable extended logs in the deploy file to debug an application. Extended logs provide extra information about application state and behavior.

To enable extended logs:

1. Edit `deploy.*.yml` of the desired environment:

```yaml
docker:
    debug:
        enabled: true
```

2. Depending on the `environment` value of `deploy.*.yml`, edit the respective `config_default.php`:

```php
$config[LogConstants::LOG_LEVEL] = getenv('SPRYKER_DEBUG_ENABLED') ? Logger::INFO : Logger::DEBUG;
```

3. Commit the changes and deploy the application in the desired environment:
    * [Deploy in the production environment](/docs/ca/dev/deploy-in-a-production-environment.html)
    * [Deploy in the staging environment](/docs/ca/dev/deploy-in-a-staging-environment.html)

Extended logs are enabled and you can check them in the AWS Management Console. See [Working with logs](/docs/ca/dev/working-with-logs.html) for more details.

## Next step
[Working with logs](/docs/ca/dev/working-with-logs.html)

Commit message:

Cloud Admin Higher Level Pages SEO Update
Updated the following pages for an SEO update, changed the meta description for:
- Add variables in the parameter store
- configure data import from an s3 bucket
- configure debugging
- connecting the docker sdk
- create and restore database backups
- deploy in a staging environment
- environment scaling
- getting started with cloud administration
- monitoring issues and informing about alerts
- performance testing in staging environments
- preparation for going live
- set up dns
- set up notifications for 5xx errors
- setting up a custom ssl certificate
- spryker cloud commerce os management
- starting asynchronous commands
- working with logs

Changed a link in the ca_dev_sidebar.yml, the email services > Verify email address was pointing to an older URL, updated so its a direct hit and not redirected.

Links within preparation for going live have also changed as they were pointing to older URLs

docs/ca/dev/configure-debugging.md, after:

---
title: Configure debugging
description: Configure debugging in Spryker by enabling extended logs and setting up environment-specific parameters for efficient troubleshooting
template: howto-guide-template
last_updated: Oct 6, 2023
originalLink: https://cloud.spryker.com/docs/debugging
originalArticleId: 23eb2efb-7de7-46d5-a525-1524e8d66d08
redirect_from:
  - /docs/debugging
  - /docs/en/debugging
  - /docs/cloud/dev/spryker-cloud-commerce-os/debugging
  - /docs/cloud/dev/spryker-cloud-commerce-os/configuring-debugging.html
---

{% info_block warningBox "Security" %}

Once debugging is completed, turn off debugging mode. Leaving it permanently enabled can lead to the disclosure of sensitive information.

{% endinfo_block %}

Currently, Xdebug is not supported, but you can enable extended logs in the deploy file to debug an application. Extended logs provide extra information about application state and behavior.

To enable extended logs:

1. Edit `deploy.*.yml` of the desired environment:

```yaml
docker:
    debug:
        enabled: true
```

2. Depending on the `environment` value of `deploy.*.yml`, edit the respective `config_default.php`:

```php
$config[LogConstants::LOG_LEVEL] = getenv('SPRYKER_DEBUG_ENABLED') ? Logger::INFO : Logger::DEBUG;
```

3. Commit the changes and deploy the application in the desired environment:
    * [Deploy in the production environment](/docs/ca/dev/deploy-in-a-production-environment.html)
    * [Deploy in the staging environment](/docs/ca/dev/deploy-in-a-staging-environment.html)

Extended logs are enabled and you can check them in the AWS Management Console. See [Working with logs](/docs/ca/dev/working-with-logs.html) for more details.

## Next step
[Working with logs](/docs/ca/dev/working-with-logs.html)
