docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/performance-guidelines.md, before:

---
title: Performance guidelines
description: This guidelines explains how to optimize the performance of your website for your Spryker based Projects.
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/tuning-up-performance/202204.0/performance-guidelines.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/performance-guidelines.html
---

Performance guidelines help you analyze and optimize performance of your website from different perspectives:

- [General performance guidelines](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/general-performance-guidelines.html) for general approaches to optimizing the server-side execution time.
- [Architecture performance guidelines](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/architecture-performance-guidelines.html) to optimize performance in the very end servers.
- [Frontend performance guidelines](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/front-end-performance-guidelines.html) to do the frontend-specific optimization.
- [Batch processing of Propel entities](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/performance-guidelines-batch-processing-propel-entities.html) for efficient batch processing, reduced database load, and support for complex entity relationships.
- [External HTTP requests](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/external-http-requests.html) to manage external HTTP requests.

Commit message:

Added performance guidelines for monitoring, session locks, bot control, and Twig
  - Add 4 new performance guideline articles from Confluence
  - Extract Twig content from general guidelines into dedicated article
  - Update entry point with better intro and new article links
  - Add all new articles to sidebar navigation
  - Link troubleshooting resources for session locks
  - Add child page links to troubleshooting-performance-issues

docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/performance-guidelines.md, after:

---
title: Performance guidelines
description: This guidelines explains how to optimize the performance of your website for your Spryker based Projects.
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/tuning-up-performance/202204.0/performance-guidelines.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/performance-guidelines.html
---

These performance guidelines originate from Spryker's years of experience across all kinds of projects, environments, and setups. They cover topics that are often missed at the project level, leading to poor performance or other related issues. The guidelines help you analyze and optimize performance of your website from different perspectives:

- [Monitoring](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/monitoring.html) to ensure effective application monitoring using APM tools.
- [General performance guidelines](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/general-performance-guidelines.html) for general approaches to optimizing the server-side execution time.
- [Architecture performance guidelines](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/architecture-performance-guidelines.html) to optimize performance in the very end servers.
- [Frontend performance guidelines](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/front-end-performance-guidelines.html) to do the frontend-specific optimization.
- [Twig performance best practices](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/twig-performance-best-practices.html) to optimize Twig templating engine performance.
- [Session locks](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/session-locks.html) to optimize session locking mechanisms and reduce performance impact. Also see [Redis session lock](/docs/dg/dev/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-performance-issues/redis-session-lock.html) for troubleshooting session lock issues.
- [Bot control](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/bot-control.html) to manage honest and malicious bot traffic effectively.
- [Batch processing of Propel entities](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/performance-guidelines-batch-processing-propel-entities.html) for efficient batch processing, reduced database load, and support for complex entity relationships.
- [External HTTP requests](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/performance-guidelines/external-http-requests.html) to manage external HTTP requests.
- [Troubleshooting performance issues](/docs/dg/dev/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-performance-issues/troubleshooting-performance-issues.html) for detecting and fixing common performance problems.
