docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-and-export-order-management-system-data.md, before:

---
title: Import and export Order Management System data
description: Details about the data importers for Order Management System
last_updated: Jun 23, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
---
To learn how data import works and about different ways of importing data, see [Data import](/docs/dg/dev/data-import/{{page.version}}/data-import.html). This section describes the data import files that are used to import data related to the Order Management System PBC:

* [Import file details - order-status.csv](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-order-status.csv.html)
* [Export file details: orders.csv](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/orders-data-export/export-file-details-orders.csv.html)
* [Export file details: order-expenses.csv](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/orders-data-export/export-file-details-order-expenses.csv.html)
* [Export file details: order-items.csv](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/orders-data-export/export-file-details-order-items.csv.html)

Commit message:

PBC OMS pt1 SEO Update
part 1 of meta description updates with the order management system:
- base shop > datapayload conversion > multi-language
- base shop > datapayload conversion > state machine console commands
- base shop > datapayload conversion > step engine > step engine workflow overview
- base shop > display custon names for order items states on the storefront
- base shop > glue api retrieve orders
- base shop > domain model and relationships > custom order reference module relations
- base shop > import and export data > import and export order management system data
- base shop > import and export data >  orders data export > export file details order expenses csv
- base shop > import and export data >  orders data export > export file details order items csv
- base shop > import and export data >  orders data export > export file details orders csv
- base shop > import and export data >  install features > install the reclamations feature
- base shop > import and export data >  install features > install the sales data export feature
- base shop > import and export data >  install features > install the splittable order items feature
- base shop > import and export data >  install glue api > install the checkout glue api
- base shop > import and export data >  install glue api > install the order management glue api
- base shop > import and export data >  install glue api > install the shipment glue api
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the order rest api module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the oms module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the sales module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the sales quantity module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the sales split module

docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-and-export-order-management-system-data.md, after:

---
title: Import and export Order Management System data
description: Learn about the data importers for Order Management System and how data import works with your Spryker project.
last_updated: Jun 23, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
---
To learn how data import works and about different ways of importing data, see [Data import](/docs/dg/dev/data-import/{{page.version}}/data-import.html). This section describes the data import files that are used to import data related to the Order Management System PBC:

* [Import file details - order-status.csv](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-order-status.csv.html)
* [Export file details: orders.csv](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/orders-data-export/export-file-details-orders.csv.html)
* [Export file details: order-expenses.csv](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/orders-data-export/export-file-details-order-expenses.csv.html)
* [Export file details: order-items.csv](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/orders-data-export/export-file-details-order-items.csv.html)
