docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-contentgui-module.md, before:

---
title: Upgrade the ContentGui module
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-contentgui-201907
originalArticleId: 4714c1ab-fcb6-425d-87fd-dd2e8f19ae1a
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-contentgui-201907
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-contentgui-201907
  - /docs/mg-contentgui-201907
  - /docs/en/mg-contentgui-201907
  - /v3/docs/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v4/docs/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v5/docs/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v6/docs/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-contentgui.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-contentgui.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-contentgui.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-contentgui.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-contentgui.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-contentgui-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-contentgui-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-contentgui-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-contentgui-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC CMS Install and upgrade SEO update
Changed the meta description for an SEO update for the following pages;

- install category cms blocks
- install multi store cms blocks
install product cms blocks
- install features > install the cms category management feature
- install features > install the cms feature dynamic multistore
- install features > install the cms feature
- install features > install the cms product lists catalog feature
- install features > install the product sets feature
- install glue api > install the cms glue api
- upgrade modules > upgrade the cms module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the cms block category connector migration console module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the cms block category connector module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the cms block widget module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the cms gui module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the cms page search module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the cms storage module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the content module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the content banner module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the content banner gui module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the content banner rest api module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the content gui module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the content storage module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the navigation module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the navigation gui module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the navigation rest api module

docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-contentgui-module.md, after:

---
title: Upgrade the ContentGui module
description: Learn how to upgrade to a newer version of the Spryker Content GUI module from an older one in your Spryker Project.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-contentgui-201907
originalArticleId: 4714c1ab-fcb6-425d-87fd-dd2e8f19ae1a
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-contentgui-201907
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-contentgui-201907
  - /docs/mg-contentgui-201907
  - /docs/en/mg-contentgui-201907
  - /v3/docs/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v4/docs/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v5/docs/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v6/docs/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-contentbannergui-201907
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-contentgui.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-contentgui.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-contentgui.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-contentgui.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-contentgui.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-contentgui-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-contentgui-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-contentgui-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-contentgui-module.md -->
