docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-the-merchants-and-merchant-relations-feature.md, before:

---
title: Install the Merchants and Merchant Relations feature
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: feature-integration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/merchant-merchant-relations-feature-integration
originalArticleId: d39fb2d4-f0fd-45c2-9d11-b7ad693f0f03
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/merchant-merchant-relations-feature-integration
  - /2021080/docs/en/merchant-merchant-relations-feature-integration
  - /docs/merchant-merchant-relations-feature-integration
  - /docs/en/merchant-merchant-relations-feature-integration
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202311.0/merchants-and-merchant-relations-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202204.0/merchants-and-merchant-relations-feature-integration.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-the-merchants-and-merchant-relations-feature.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202204.0/install-the-merchants-and-merchant-relations-feature.md -->

Commit message:

PBC Merchant Management Base Shop SEO Update
The follow pages meta description have changed for an SEO update;
- install the merchant b2b contract requests comments feature
- install the merchant b2b contract requests company account feature
- install the merchant b2b contracts comments feature
- install the merchant b2b contracts company account feature
- install the merchant feature
- install the merchants and merchant relations feature
- create merchant relations
- create merchants
- edit merchant relations
- edit merchants
- manage merchants in the back office

docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-the-merchants-and-merchant-relations-feature.md, after:

---
title: Install the Merchants and Merchant Relations feature
description: Learn how to install the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS Merchants and Merchant relations feature in your Spryker B2B Project.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: feature-integration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/merchant-merchant-relations-feature-integration
originalArticleId: d39fb2d4-f0fd-45c2-9d11-b7ad693f0f03
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/merchant-merchant-relations-feature-integration
  - /2021080/docs/en/merchant-merchant-relations-feature-integration
  - /docs/merchant-merchant-relations-feature-integration
  - /docs/en/merchant-merchant-relations-feature-integration
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202311.0/merchants-and-merchant-relations-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202204.0/merchants-and-merchant-relations-feature-integration.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-the-merchants-and-merchant-relations-feature.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202204.0/install-the-merchants-and-merchant-relations-feature.md -->
