docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/delete-product-sets.md, before:

---
title: Delete product sets
description: Learn how to reorder product sets in the Back Office.
template: back-office-user-guide-template
last_updated: Nov 17, 2023
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/delete-product-sets.html
- /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/delete-product-sets.html
related:
  - title: Create product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/create-product-sets.html
  - title: Edit product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/edit-product-sets.html
  - title: Reorder product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/reorder-product-sets.html
  - title: View product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/view-product-sets.html
  - title: Product Sets feature overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/product-sets-feature-overview.html
---


This document describes how to delete product sets in the Back Office. Deleting a product set does not delete the products in the set. The product set stops being displayed on the Storefront, but the individual products are still displayed, and the customers can purchase them.

To delete a product set, do the following:

1. Go to **Merchandising&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Product Sets**.
    This opens the **Product Sets** page.
2. Next to the product set you want to delete, click **Delete**.
    This refreshes the page with a success message displayed. The product set is no longer displayed in the list.

Commit message:

PBC CMS manage in the back office SEO update
The following pages have had meta description changed for SEO update;
- add and edit mime types
- manage content in the back office
- manage slots
- blocks > add content items to cms blocks
- blocks > create category cms blocks
- blocks > create cms blocks
- blocks > create email cms blocks
- blocks > create product cms blocks
- blocks > edit placeholders in cms blocks
- content items > create abstract product list content items
- content items > create banner content items
- content items > create file list content items
- content items > create navigation content items
- content items > create product set content items
- navigation > create navigation elements
- navigation > create navigation nodes
- navigation > delete navigation nodes
- navigation > duplicate navigation elements
- navigation > edit navigation elements
- navigation > edit navigation nodes
- pages > add content items to cms pages
- product sets > create product sets
- product sets >  delete product sets
- product sets >  edit product sets
- product sets >  reorder product sets
- product sets >  view product sets

docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/delete-product-sets.md, after:

---
title: Delete product sets
description: Learn how to delete your CMS product sets that you have configured within your Spryker Cloud Commerce OS Store.
template: back-office-user-guide-template
last_updated: Nov 17, 2023
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/delete-product-sets.html
- /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/delete-product-sets.html
related:
  - title: Create product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/create-product-sets.html
  - title: Edit product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/edit-product-sets.html
  - title: Reorder product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/reorder-product-sets.html
  - title: View product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/view-product-sets.html
  - title: Product Sets feature overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/product-sets-feature-overview.html
---


This document describes how to delete product sets in the Back Office. Deleting a product set does not delete the products in the set. The product set stops being displayed on the Storefront, but the individual products are still displayed, and the customers can purchase them.

To delete a product set, do the following:

1. Go to **Merchandising&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Product Sets**.
    This opens the **Product Sets** page.
2. Next to the product set you want to delete, click **Delete**.
    This refreshes the page with a success message displayed. The product set is no longer displayed in the list.
