docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/reorder-product-sets.md, before:

---
title: Reorder product sets
description: Learn how to reorder product sets in the Back Office.
template: back-office-user-guide-template
last_updated: Nov 17, 2023
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/reorder-product-sets.html
- /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/reorder-product-sets.html
related:
  - title: Create product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/create-product-sets.html
  - title: Edit product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/edit-product-sets.html
  - title: View product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/view-product-sets.html
  - title: Delete product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/delete-product-sets.html
  - title: Product Sets feature overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/product-sets-feature-overview.html
---

This document describes how to reorder product sets in the Back Office by defining weight. A product set's weight, relatively to other the other product sets' weight on a page defines how high it is on a page.

To reorder product sets by editing their weight, do the following:

1. Go to **Merchandising&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Product Sets**.
2. On the **Product Sets** page, click **Reorder Product Sets**.
    This opens the **Reorder Product Sets** page. The product sets are displayed in the ascending order of their current weight.
3. Change the **WEIGHT** of each product set, so that it is in the needed position relatively to the other product sets.
4. Click **Submit**.
    This opens the **Product Sets** page with a success message displayed. The updated **WEIGHT** is displayed in the list and the product sets are ordered according to it.

![Reorder product sets](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/merchandising/product-sets/reorder-product-sets.md/reorder-product-sets.mp4)

Commit message:

PBC CMS manage in the back office SEO update
The following pages have had meta description changed for SEO update;
- add and edit mime types
- manage content in the back office
- manage slots
- blocks > add content items to cms blocks
- blocks > create category cms blocks
- blocks > create cms blocks
- blocks > create email cms blocks
- blocks > create product cms blocks
- blocks > edit placeholders in cms blocks
- content items > create abstract product list content items
- content items > create banner content items
- content items > create file list content items
- content items > create navigation content items
- content items > create product set content items
- navigation > create navigation elements
- navigation > create navigation nodes
- navigation > delete navigation nodes
- navigation > duplicate navigation elements
- navigation > edit navigation elements
- navigation > edit navigation nodes
- pages > add content items to cms pages
- product sets > create product sets
- product sets >  delete product sets
- product sets >  edit product sets
- product sets >  reorder product sets
- product sets >  view product sets

docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/reorder-product-sets.md, after:

---
title: Reorder product sets
description: Learn how to reorder product sets that you have configured within the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS Back Office.
template: back-office-user-guide-template
last_updated: Nov 17, 2023
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/reorder-product-sets.html
- /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/reorder-product-sets.html
related:
  - title: Create product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/create-product-sets.html
  - title: Edit product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/edit-product-sets.html
  - title: View product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/view-product-sets.html
  - title: Delete product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/delete-product-sets.html
  - title: Product Sets feature overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/product-sets-feature-overview.html
---

This document describes how to reorder product sets in the Back Office by defining weight. A product set's weight, relatively to other the other product sets' weight on a page defines how high it is on a page.

To reorder product sets by editing their weight, do the following:

1. Go to **Merchandising&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Product Sets**.
2. On the **Product Sets** page, click **Reorder Product Sets**.
    This opens the **Reorder Product Sets** page. The product sets are displayed in the ascending order of their current weight.
3. Change the **WEIGHT** of each product set, so that it is in the needed position relatively to the other product sets.
4. Click **Submit**.
    This opens the **Product Sets** page with a success message displayed. The updated **WEIGHT** is displayed in the list and the product sets are ordered according to it.

![Reorder product sets](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/merchandising/product-sets/reorder-product-sets.md/reorder-product-sets.mp4)
