docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/view-product-sets.md, before:

---
title: View product sets
description: Learn how to reorder product sets in the Back Office.
template: back-office-user-guide-template
last_updated: Nov 17, 2023
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/view-product-sets.html
- /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/view-product-sets.html
related:
  - title: Create product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/create-product-sets.html
  - title: Edit product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/edit-product-sets.html
  - title: Reorder product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/reorder-product-sets.html
  - title: Delete product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/delete-product-sets.html
  - title: Product Sets feature overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/product-sets-feature-overview.html
---

To view a product set, do the following:

1. Go to **Merchandising&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Product Sets**.
    This opens the **Product Sets** page.
2. Next to the product set you want to view, click **View**.


## Reference information: View product sets

| ATTRIBUTE |DESCRIPTION  |
| --- | --- |
| Status | Defines if the product set is displayed on the Storefront. |
| NAME | Unique identifier of the product set per locale. This value is displayed on the Storefront. |
| URL | A relative URL address of the product set per locale.|
| DESCRIPTION | Description per locale that is displayed on the Storefront for the product set. |
| TITLE | SEO title per locale. |
| KEYWORDS| SEO keywords per locale. |
| DESCRIPTION | SEO description per locale.  |
| IMAGE SET NAME | Image set name per locale. The images of the image set are displayed on the Storefront. |

Commit message:

PBC CMS manage in the back office SEO update
The following pages have had meta description changed for SEO update;
- add and edit mime types
- manage content in the back office
- manage slots
- blocks > add content items to cms blocks
- blocks > create category cms blocks
- blocks > create cms blocks
- blocks > create email cms blocks
- blocks > create product cms blocks
- blocks > edit placeholders in cms blocks
- content items > create abstract product list content items
- content items > create banner content items
- content items > create file list content items
- content items > create navigation content items
- content items > create product set content items
- navigation > create navigation elements
- navigation > create navigation nodes
- navigation > delete navigation nodes
- navigation > duplicate navigation elements
- navigation > edit navigation elements
- navigation > edit navigation nodes
- pages > add content items to cms pages
- product sets > create product sets
- product sets >  delete product sets
- product sets >  edit product sets
- product sets >  reorder product sets
- product sets >  view product sets

docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/view-product-sets.md, after:

---
title: View product sets
description: Learn how to view your product sets that you have configured in the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS Back Office.
template: back-office-user-guide-template
last_updated: Nov 17, 2023
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/view-product-sets.html
- /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/view-product-sets.html
related:
  - title: Create product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/create-product-sets.html
  - title: Edit product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/edit-product-sets.html
  - title: Reorder product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/reorder-product-sets.html
  - title: Delete product sets
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/product-sets/delete-product-sets.html
  - title: Product Sets feature overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/product-sets-feature-overview.html
---

To view a product set, do the following:

1. Go to **Merchandising&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Product Sets**.
    This opens the **Product Sets** page.
2. Next to the product set you want to view, click **View**.


## Reference information: View product sets

| ATTRIBUTE |DESCRIPTION  |
| --- | --- |
| Status | Defines if the product set is displayed on the Storefront. |
| NAME | Unique identifier of the product set per locale. This value is displayed on the Storefront. |
| URL | A relative URL address of the product set per locale.|
| DESCRIPTION | Description per locale that is displayed on the Storefront for the product set. |
| TITLE | SEO title per locale. |
| KEYWORDS| SEO keywords per locale. |
| DESCRIPTION | SEO description per locale.  |
| IMAGE SET NAME | Image set name per locale. The images of the image set are displayed on the Storefront. |
