docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-cms-product-lists-catalog-feature.md, before:

---
title: Install the CMS + Product Lists + Catalog feature
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: feature-integration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/cms-page-search-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration
originalArticleId: c395ad85-27ce-44f2-a18f-69fce0d46ba6
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/cms-page-search-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration
  - /2021080/docs/en/cms-page-search-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration
  - /docs/cms-page-search-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration
  - /docs/en/cms-page-search-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/201811.0/cms-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202311.0/cms-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-cms-product-lists-catalog-feature.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-cms-product-lists-catalog-feature.html
related:
  - title: CMS pages in search results
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/cms-feature-overview/cms-pages-in-search-results-overview.html
  - title: CMS page
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/cms-feature-overview/cms-pages-overview.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-the-cms-product-lists-catalog-feature.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202311.0/install-the-cms-product-lists-catalog-feature.md -->

Commit message:

PBC CMS Install and upgrade SEO update
Changed the meta description for an SEO update for the following pages;

- install category cms blocks
- install multi store cms blocks
install product cms blocks
- install features > install the cms category management feature
- install features > install the cms feature dynamic multistore
- install features > install the cms feature
- install features > install the cms product lists catalog feature
- install features > install the product sets feature
- install glue api > install the cms glue api
- upgrade modules > upgrade the cms module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the cms block category connector migration console module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the cms block category connector module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the cms block widget module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the cms gui module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the cms page search module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the cms storage module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the content module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the content banner module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the content banner gui module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the content banner rest api module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the content gui module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the content storage module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the navigation module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the navigation gui module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the navigation rest api module

docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-cms-product-lists-catalog-feature.md, after:

---
title: Install the CMS + Product Lists + Catalog feature
description: Learn how to install the CMS + Product lists + Catalog feature in to your Spryker projects.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: feature-integration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/cms-page-search-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration
originalArticleId: c395ad85-27ce-44f2-a18f-69fce0d46ba6
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/cms-page-search-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration
  - /2021080/docs/en/cms-page-search-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration
  - /docs/cms-page-search-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration
  - /docs/en/cms-page-search-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/201811.0/cms-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202311.0/cms-product-lists-catalog-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-cms-product-lists-catalog-feature.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-cms-product-lists-catalog-feature.html
related:
  - title: CMS pages in search results
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/cms-feature-overview/cms-pages-in-search-results-overview.html
  - title: CMS page
    link: docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/page.version/base-shop/cms-feature-overview/cms-pages-overview.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-the-cms-product-lists-catalog-feature.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202311.0/install-the-cms-product-lists-catalog-feature.md -->
