docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/extend-and-customize/navigation-module-reference-information.md, before:

---
title: "Navigation module: reference information"
last_updated: Aug 13, 2021
description: The Navigation module provides database structure and a public API to manage what's in the database, and a small toolkit for rendering navigation menus in the frontend
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/extend-and-customize/navigation-module-reference-information.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/extend-and-customize/navigation-module-reference-information.html
---

## Overview

The `Navigation` module manages multiple navigation menus that can be displayed on the frontend (Yves). Every navigation section can contain its own nested structure of navigation nodes. Navigation nodes have types that help define what kind of link they represent.

The following node types are available:

* **Label**: These nodes do not link to any specific URL, and are used for grouping other nodes.
* **Category**: Nodes can be assigned to category node URLs.
* **CMS Page**: Nodes can be assigned to CMS page URLs.
* **Link**: These nodes link to internal pages in Yves—for example, login or registration.
* **External URL**: These nodes link to external URLs (typically tabs opened in a new browser).

You can control and adjust Navigation node appearance and add icons by assigning custom CSS classes to them.

This feature is shipped with three modules:

* **Navigation module** provides database structure and a public API to manage what's in the database. It also provides a small toolkit for rendering navigation menus in the frontend.
* **NavigationGui** provides a Zed UI to manage navigation menus.
* **NavigationCollector** provides full collector logic for exporting navigation menus to the KV storage (Redis).

## Database schema

The Navigation module provides the `spy_navigation` table that stores navigation menus. They have a `name` field which is only used for backend display and they also have a `key` field which is used to reference the navigation menus from Yves.

Every navigation entity contains some nodes stored in the `spy_navigation_node` table. The structure of the navigation tree depends on the `fk_parent_navigation_node` and the position fields which define if a node has a parent on its level, in what `position` they are ordered. Each navigation node has attributes that can be different per displayed locale. This information is stored in the `spy_navigation_node_localized_attributes` table.

The `valid_from`, `valid_to`, and `is_active` fields lets you toggle the node's and its descendant's visibility.

![Navigation database schema](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/Features/Navigation/Navigation+Module/navigation_db_schema_2_0.png)

Commit message:

PBC CMS small page groups SEO Updates
Changed the meta description for SEO updates on small groups of pages within the CMS section;

- base shop > cms feature overview > cms pages overview
- base shop > cms feature overview > cms as a cms block overview
- base shop > domain model and relationships > content item types module relations
- base shop > domain model and relationships > product sets feature domain model and relationships
- base shop > extend and customize > navigation module reference information
- base shop > navigation feature overview
- base shop > product sets feature overview
- content management system

docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/extend-and-customize/navigation-module-reference-information.md, after:

---
title: "Navigation module: reference information"
last_updated: Aug 13, 2021
description: Reference information for the Navigation module that renders navigation menus on Spryker Cloud Commerce OS frontend. 
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/extend-and-customize/navigation-module-reference-information.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/extend-and-customize/navigation-module-reference-information.html
---

## Overview

The `Navigation` module manages multiple navigation menus that can be displayed on the frontend (Yves). Every navigation section can contain its own nested structure of navigation nodes. Navigation nodes have types that help define what kind of link they represent.

The following node types are available:

* **Label**: These nodes do not link to any specific URL, and are used for grouping other nodes.
* **Category**: Nodes can be assigned to category node URLs.
* **CMS Page**: Nodes can be assigned to CMS page URLs.
* **Link**: These nodes link to internal pages in Yves—for example, login or registration.
* **External URL**: These nodes link to external URLs (typically tabs opened in a new browser).

You can control and adjust Navigation node appearance and add icons by assigning custom CSS classes to them.

This feature is shipped with three modules:

* **Navigation module** provides database structure and a public API to manage what's in the database. It also provides a small toolkit for rendering navigation menus in the frontend.
* **NavigationGui** provides a Zed UI to manage navigation menus.
* **NavigationCollector** provides full collector logic for exporting navigation menus to the KV storage (Redis).

## Database schema

The Navigation module provides the `spy_navigation` table that stores navigation menus. They have a `name` field which is only used for backend display and they also have a `key` field which is used to reference the navigation menus from Yves.

Every navigation entity contains some nodes stored in the `spy_navigation_node` table. The structure of the navigation tree depends on the `fk_parent_navigation_node` and the position fields which define if a node has a parent on its level, in what `position` they are ordered. Each navigation node has attributes that can be different per displayed locale. This information is stored in the `spy_navigation_node_localized_attributes` table.

The `valid_from`, `valid_to`, and `is_active` fields lets you toggle the node's and its descendant's visibility.

![Navigation database schema](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/Features/Navigation/Navigation+Module/navigation_db_schema_2_0.png)
