docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-thresholds-the-back-office.md, before:

---
title: Manage thresholds the Back Office
description: Learn how to log into the Back Office.
last_updated: Apr 13, 2023
template: back-office-user-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.html
---

This section contains guides on managing thresholds in the Back Office:

* [Define global thresholds](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/define-global-thresholds.html)
* [Define merchant order thresholds](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/define-merchant-order-thresholds.html)
* [Manage threshold settings](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-threshold-settings.html)

{% include pbc/all/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.md -->

## Next steps

* [Define global thresholds](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/define-global-thresholds.html)
* [Define merchant order thresholds](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/define-merchant-order-thresholds.html)
* [Manage threshold settings](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-threshold-settings.html)

Commit message:

PBC Cart and Checkout BO GLUEAPI and Tutorials SEO Update
Changed the mate description for the following pages as an SEO update;
- manage in the back office > define global thresholds
- manage in the back office > manage threshold settings
- manage in the back office > manage thresholds the back office
- manage using glue API > glue api check out purchases
- manage using glue API > glue api checkout workflow
- manage using glue API > glue api retrieve customer carts
- manage using glue API > glue api manage shared company user carts
- manage using glue API > glue api retrieve cart permission groups
- manage using glue API > glue api share company user carts
- tutorials and how tos > add additional countries to checkout
- tutorials and how tos > define if carts are deleted after placing an order
- tutorials and how tos > enable guest checkout in the b2b demo shop
- tutorials and how tos > handling carts with a big number of items
- cart and checkout

docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-thresholds-the-back-office.md, after:

---
title: Manage thresholds the Back Office
description: Explore Global Thresholds and learn how to create a minimum and maximum threshold in the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS back office.
last_updated: Apr 13, 2023
template: back-office-user-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.html
---

This section contains guides on managing thresholds in the Back Office:

* [Define global thresholds](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/define-global-thresholds.html)
* [Define merchant order thresholds](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/define-merchant-order-thresholds.html)
* [Manage threshold settings](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-threshold-settings.html)

{% include pbc/all/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.md -->

## Next steps

* [Define global thresholds](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/define-global-thresholds.html)
* [Define merchant order thresholds](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/define-merchant-order-thresholds.html)
* [Manage threshold settings](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-threshold-settings.html)
