docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/export-voucher-codes.md, before:

---
title: Export voucher codes
description: Learn how to generate voucher codes in the Back Office.
template: back-office-user-guide-template
last_updated: Nov 17, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/202311.0/merchandising/discount/export-voucher-codes.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/manage-in-the-back-office/export-voucher-codes.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202311.0/manage-in-the-back-office/export-voucher-codes.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/export-voucher-codes.html  
related:
  - title: Promotions & Discounts feature overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/discount-management/page.version/base-shop/promotions-discounts-feature-overview.html
---

To export voucher codes, do the following:

1. Go to **Merchandising&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Discount**.
    This opens the **Discount** page.
2. Next to the discount voucher you want to export the codes of, click **Add code**.
3. On the **Edit Discount**, click **Export**.
    This downloads a CSV file with the codes.

Commit message:

PBC Discount Management SEO Update
Changed the meta description for the following pages for the SEO update;
- base shop > import and export data > import discount management data
- base shop > import and export data > import file details discount amount csv
- base shop > import and export data > import file discount store
- base shop > import and export data > import file discount voucher csv
- base shop > import and export data > import file details discount csv
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the promotions and discounts category management feature
- base shop  > install and upgrade >  upgrade modules > upgrade the discount module
- base shop  > manage in the back office > best practices promote products with discounts
- base shop >> manage in the back office >  create discounts
- base shop  > manage in the back office > export voucher codes
- base shop > manage in the back office > manage discounts in the back office
- base shop  > manage using the glue api > glue api add items with discounts to guest carts
- base shop > manage using the glue api > glue api manage discount vouchers in guest carts
- base shop > manage using the glue api > glue api manage discounts
- base shop > manage using the glue api > glue api retrieve discounts in guest carts
- discount management

docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/export-voucher-codes.md, after:

---
title: Export voucher codes
description: Learn how to generate and manage voucher codes in the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS back office.
template: back-office-user-guide-template
last_updated: Nov 17, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/202311.0/merchandising/discount/export-voucher-codes.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/manage-in-the-back-office/export-voucher-codes.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202311.0/manage-in-the-back-office/export-voucher-codes.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/export-voucher-codes.html  
related:
  - title: Promotions & Discounts feature overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/discount-management/page.version/base-shop/promotions-discounts-feature-overview.html
---

To export voucher codes, do the following:

1. Go to **Merchandising&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Discount**.
    This opens the **Discount** page.
2. Next to the discount voucher you want to export the codes of, click **Add code**.
3. On the **Edit Discount**, click **Export**.
    This downloads a CSV file with the codes.
