docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.md, before:

---
title: Upgrade the ShoppingListWidget module
description: Use the guide to learn how to update the ShoppingListWidget module.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
originalArticleId: d537fa4a-770c-4b85-8b0e-579d491e4e06
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v1/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v1/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v2/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v2/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v3/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v4/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v5/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v6/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202311.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html  
  - /docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/202311.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC Wishlist SEO Update
Meta desc changed for the following pages ;
- base shop > install and upgrade > Install features > install the shopping list agent assist feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > Install features > install the shopping lists feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > Install features > install the shopping lists quick add to cart feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > Install features > install the wishlist alternative product feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > Install glue api > install the shopping list glue api
- base shop > install and upgrade > Upgrade modules > upgrade the shopping list module
- base shop > install and upgrade > Upgrade modules > upgrade the shopping list widget module
- base shop > install and upgrade > manage using glue api > glue api manage shopping list items
- base shop > install and upgrade > manage using glue api > glue api manage shopping lists
- base shop > install and upgrade > manage using glue api > glue api manage wishlists
- base shop > install and upgrade > shopping lists feature overview > shopping lists feature overview
- marketplace > Domain model and relationship > marketplace shopping lsits feature domain model and relationships
- marketplace > install and upgrade > install features > install the marketplace wishlist feature
- marketplace > install and upgrade > install glue api > install the marketplace wishlist prices glue api
- marketplace > install and upgrade > install glue api > install the marketplace wishlist product offer glue api
- marketplace > install and upgrade > install glue api > install the wishlist marketplace product offer prices glue api
- marketplace > manage using glue api > glue api manage marketplace shopping list items
- marketplace > manage using glue api > glue api manage marketplace shopping lists
- marketplace > marketplace wishlist feature overview
- shopping list and wishlist

docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.md, after:

---
title: Upgrade the ShoppingListWidget module
description: Learn how to upgrade to a newer version of the Spryker Shopping List Widget Module within your Spryker Cloud Commerce OS projects.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
originalArticleId: d537fa4a-770c-4b85-8b0e-579d491e4e06
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v1/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v1/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v2/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v2/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v3/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v4/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v5/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v6/docs/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-shopping-list-widget
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202311.0/migration-guide-shoppinglistwidget.html  
  - /docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/202311.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.md -->
