docs/about/all/about-the-docs/style-guide/spryker-docs-style-guide.md, before:

---
title: Spryker docs style guide
description:
last_updated: Mar 23, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/spryker-documentation-style-guide/spryker-documentation-style-guide.html

---

When writing and reviewing documentation at Spryker, we are mostly relying on external style guides.

The goal of our own style guide is to provide guidance for the cases that are specific to Spryker or those not covered by the external style guides.

## Reference hierarchy

Use the following references in this order:

1. Spryker documentation style guide
2. [Google developer documentation style guide](https://developers.google.com/style)
3. [Microsoft Writing Style Guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/welcome/)

## Write in a way that makes sense

Spryker is a rapidly evolving product, as well as its documentation. If it makes sense to not follow the guides, go for it. Consider if your approach is better only in your particular case or for the entire documentation. Edit existing and add new guidance to this style guide.

Commit message:

About the Docs SEO
The following pages have been updated for SEO:

About-spryker-docs: Meta Description

Add Global sections to the docs: Meta Description

Add images and other media to the docs: Meta Description

Contribute to the docs: Meta Description

Edit the docs Locally: Meta Description

Edit the docs using a web browser: Meta Description

Review Docs Pull Requests: Meta Description

Run the docs locally: Meta Description

general rules and guidance for adding docs: Meta Description

Spryker Docs Style Guide: Meta Description

Style guide examples: Meta Description

Style Guide Spelling: Meta Description

Word List: Meta Description

docs/about/all/about-the-docs/style-guide/spryker-docs-style-guide.md, after:

---
title: Spryker docs style guide
description: Understanding the Spryker Documentation Style Guide and how to write for Spryker based topics.
last_updated: Mar 23, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/spryker-documentation-style-guide/spryker-documentation-style-guide.html

---

When writing and reviewing documentation at Spryker, we are mostly relying on external style guides.

The goal of our own style guide is to provide guidance for the cases that are specific to Spryker or those not covered by the external style guides.

## Reference hierarchy

Use the following references in this order:

1. Spryker documentation style guide
2. [Google developer documentation style guide](https://developers.google.com/style)
3. [Microsoft Writing Style Guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/welcome/)

## Write in a way that makes sense

Spryker is a rapidly evolving product, as well as its documentation. If it makes sense to not follow the guides, go for it. Consider if your approach is better only in your particular case or for the entire documentation. Edit existing and add new guidance to this style guide.
