docs/about/all/about-the-docs/style-guide/style-guide-examples.md, before:

---
title: "Style guide: Examples"
description: Guidance for introducing examples in Spryker documentation
last_updated: Mar 23, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/spryker-documentation-style-guide/examples.html

---

In general, follow [Google's guidance for examples](https://developers.google.com/style/format-examples?hl=en).

Additional guidance for introducing short and long examples:

<div class="width-100">

| GUIDANCE | RECOMMENDED | NOT RECOMMENDED |
|-|-|-|
| To introduce a short example, use a comma or an em dash. | Create a new module—for example, `src/Yves/ContentFooWidget`. | Create a new module. For example, `src/Yves/ContentFooWidget`. |
| To introduce a long example in a short sentence, use a comma or an em dash. | A customer is the final consumer of the store—for example, the person who places an order. | A customer is the final consumer of the store. For example, the person who places an order. |
| To introduce a long example in a long sentence, write the example as a separate sentence. | A shop owner can sell the same product in different packaging units. For example, apples can be sold as an "Item", a "Bag", or "Pallet" of apples. | A shop owner can sell the same product in different packaging units—for example, apples can be sold as an "Item", a "Bag", or "Pallet" of apples. |

</div>

Commit message:

About the Docs SEO
The following pages have been updated for SEO:

About-spryker-docs: Meta Description

Add Global sections to the docs: Meta Description

Add images and other media to the docs: Meta Description

Contribute to the docs: Meta Description

Edit the docs Locally: Meta Description

Edit the docs using a web browser: Meta Description

Review Docs Pull Requests: Meta Description

Run the docs locally: Meta Description

general rules and guidance for adding docs: Meta Description

Spryker Docs Style Guide: Meta Description

Style guide examples: Meta Description

Style Guide Spelling: Meta Description

Word List: Meta Description

docs/about/all/about-the-docs/style-guide/style-guide-examples.md, after:

---
title: "Style guide: Examples"
description: Guidance on how to style when introducing examples in Spryker documentation
last_updated: Mar 23, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/spryker-documentation-style-guide/examples.html

---

In general, follow [Google's guidance for examples](https://developers.google.com/style/format-examples?hl=en).

Additional guidance for introducing short and long examples:

<div class="width-100">

| GUIDANCE | RECOMMENDED | NOT RECOMMENDED |
|-|-|-|
| To introduce a short example, use a comma or an em dash. | Create a new module—for example, `src/Yves/ContentFooWidget`. | Create a new module. For example, `src/Yves/ContentFooWidget`. |
| To introduce a long example in a short sentence, use a comma or an em dash. | A customer is the final consumer of the store—for example, the person who places an order. | A customer is the final consumer of the store. For example, the person who places an order. |
| To introduce a long example in a long sentence, write the example as a separate sentence. | A shop owner can sell the same product in different packaging units. For example, apples can be sold as an "Item", a "Bag", or "Pallet" of apples. | A shop owner can sell the same product in different packaging units—for example, apples can be sold as an "Item", a "Bag", or "Pallet" of apples. |

</div>
