docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/float-stock-for-products-migration-concept.md, before:

---
title: Float stock for products migration concept
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: howto-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/float-stock-for-products
originalArticleId: 741857cb-b4b4-4132-afbf-1aa5171cf35d
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /2021080/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /v6/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /v6/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /v5/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /v5/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /v4/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /v4/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /v3/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /v3/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /v2/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /v2/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /v1/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /v1/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /docs/scos/dev/migration-concepts/float-stock-for-products-migration-concept.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/float-stock-for-products-migration-concept.html
related:
  - title: CRUD Scheduled Prices migration concept
    link: docs/pbc/all/price-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-to-crud-scheduled-prices.html
  - title: Decimal Stock migration concept
    link: docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/decimal-stock-migration-concept.html
  - title: Migrating from Twig v1 to Twig v3
    link: docs/scos/dev/migration-concepts/migrating-from-twig-v1-to-twig-v3.html
  - title: Split Delivery migration concept
    link: docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/split-delivery-migration-concept.html
  - title: Silex Replacement migration concept
    link: docs/scos/dev/migration-concepts/silex-replacement/silex-replacement.html
---

We have changed the type of stock and quantity fields from int to float. With this change, we allow to manage fractions of items in the system.

As stock and quantity are very basic concepts of any commerce system, changing their type is a horizontal barrier for the modules. This means that, if a module is upgraded to a version that uses float stock, all the other modules in the project which are involved in the float stock barrier must be upgraded to avoid accidental type incompatibilities. For example, if ModuleX uses float stock and ModuleY uses int stock and there is no hard dependency between them, it’s technically possible to upgrade only one of them, however, during runtime, both modules may happen to process the same request data and, as a result, the response will either be calculated incorrectly or a fatal error will be thrown due to a data type mismatch.

In case of upgrading one of the modules involved into the float stock concept, we strongly recommend upgrading all the modules in your project from the list below. Mostly, the migrations have very low or even zero effort, because they only break type of a transfer object or an internal function’s signature. Some modules changed database field types to DOUBLE which is automatically upgradable by running the necessary console commands.

{% info_block errorBox %}

If you upgrade to the float stock concept, you should also review your project code and make sure to adapt all stock and quantity related customizations and implementations to use float type accordingly. If you have any partner or ECO integrations, they might have to be adjusted too.

{% endinfo_block %}

Here are some typical occurrences of working with stocks and quantities and tips to make them compatible with the float type:

* Product stock and availability management - use `UtilQuantityService` to handle arithmetic operations with float quantity values.
* Cart item management - use `UtilQuantityService` to handle arithmetic operations with float quantity values.
* Price calculations - use `UtilPriceService` to handle rounding of price values in a centralized way and avoid handling money fractions.

## Migration Process

You can try to upgrade all affected modules together by following the steps below.

1. Update the modules:

```bash
composer update "spryker/*" "spryker-shop/*"
composer require spryker/availability:"^7.0.0" spryker/availability-cart-connector:"^5.0.0" spryker/availability-gui:"^4.0.0" spryker/availability-offer-connector:"^2.0.0" spryker/cart:"^6.0.0" spryker/cart-extension:"^3.0.0" spryker/carts-rest-api:"^4.0.0" spryker/checkout:"^5.0.0" spryker/discount:"^8.0.0" spryker/discount-promotion:"^2.0.0" spryker/manual-order-entry-gui:"^0.6.0" spryker/offer:"^0.2.0" spryker/offer-gui:"^0.2.0" spryker/oms:"^9.0.0" spryker/orders-rest-api:"^2.0.0" spryker/persistent-cart:"^2.0.0" spryker/price-cart-connector:"^5.0.0" spryker/price-product:"^3.0.0" spryker/price-product-storage:"^3.0.0" spryker/price-product-volume:"^2.0.0" spryker/price-product-volume-gui:"^2.0.0" spryker/product-availabilities-rest-api:"^2.0.0" spryker/product-bundle:"^5.0.0" spryker/product-discount-connector:"^4.0.0" spryker/product-label-discount-connector:"^2.0.0" spryker/product-management:"^0.17.0" spryker/product-measurement-unit:"^3.0.0" spryker/product-option:"^7.0.0" spryker/product-option-cart-connector:"^6.0.0" spryker/product-packaging-unit:"^2.0.0" spryker/product-packaging-unit-storage:"^3.0.0" spryker/product-quantity:"^2.0.0" spryker/product-quantity-data-import:"^2.0.0" spryker/product-quantity-storage:"^2.0.0" spryker/quick-order:"^2.0.0" spryker/sales:"^9.0.0" spryker/sales-quantity:"^2.0.0" spryker/sales-split:"^4.0.0" spryker/shipment-discount-connector:"^2.0.0" spryker/shopping-list:"^3.0.0" spryker/stock:"^6.0.0" spryker/stock-sales-connector:"^4.0.0" spryker/util-price:"^1.0.0" spryker/util-quantity:"^1.0.0" spryker/wishlist:"^7.0.0" spryker-shop/cart-page:"^2.0.0" spryker-shop/customer-reorder-widget:"^5.0.0" spryker-shop/discount-promotion-widget:"^2.0.0" spryker-shop/product-detail-page:"^2.0.0" spryker-shop/product-measurement-unit-widget:"^0.7.0" spryker-shop/product-packaging-unit-widget:"^0.3.0" spryker-shop/product-search-widget:"^2.0.0" spryker-shop/quick-order-page:"^3.0.0" spryker-shop/shopping-list-page:"^0.7.0" spryker-shop/shopping-list-widget:"^0.5.0" --update-with-dependencies
```

2. Run database migration:

```bash
console propel:install
console transfer:generate
```

3. Manually upgrade the following modules:

* `ProductQuantityStorage`
* `ShoppingListWidget`

You can find the affected modules of the float stock update in the following list.

<details><summary>Affected modules</summary>


| OPERATOR | OPERATOR FOR PLAIN QUERY | MIGRATION GUIDE |
| --- | --- | --- |
| spryker/availability | 7.0.0 | [Upgrade the Availability module](/docs/pbc/all/warehouse-management-system/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-availability-module.html) |
| spryker/availability-cart-connector | 5.0.0 | [Upgrade the AvailabilityCartConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/warehouse-management-system/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-availabilitycartconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/availability-gui | 4.0.0 | [Upgrade the AvailabilityGui module](/docs/pbc/all/warehouse-management-system/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-availabilitygui-module.html) |
| spryker/availability-offer-connector | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the AvailabilityOfferConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/warehouse-management-system/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-availabilityofferconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/cart | 6.0.0 | [Upgrade the Cart module](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-cart-module.html) |
| spryker/cart-extension | 3.0.0 | [Upgrade the CartExtension module](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-cartextension-module.html) |
| spryker/carts-rest-api | 4.0.0 | [Upgrade the CartsRestApi module](/docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/glue-api/cartsrestapi-migration-guide.html) |
| spryker/checkout | 5.0.0 | [Upgrade the Checkout module](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-checkout-module.html) |
| spryker/discount | 8.0.0 | [Upgrade the Discount module](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-discount-module.html) |
| spryker/discount-promotion | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the DiscountPromotion module](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-discountpromotion-module.html) |
| spryker/manual-order-entry-gui | 0.6.0 | [Migration Guide - ManualOrderEntryGui](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-manualorderentrygui-module.html) |
| spryker/offer | 0.2.0 | [Upgrade the Offer module](/docs/pbc/all/offer-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-offer-module.html) |
| spryker/offer-gui | 0.2.0 | [Upgrade the OfferGui module](/docs/pbc/all/offer-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-offergui-module.html) |
| spryker/oms | 9.0.0 | [Upgrade the Oms module](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.html) |
| spryker/orders-rest-api | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the OrdersRestApi module](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-ordersrestapi-module.html) |
| spryker/persistent-cart | 2.0.0 | [Migration Guide - PersistentCart](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-persistentcart-module.html) |
| spryker/price-cart-connector | 5.0.0 | [Upgrade the PriceCartConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/price-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-pricecartconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/price-product | 3.0.0 | [Upgrade the PriceProduct module](/docs/pbc/all/price-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproduct-module.html) |
| spryker/price-product-storage | 3.0.0 | [Upgrade the PriceProductStorage module](/docs/pbc/all/price-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproductstorage-module.html) |
| spryker/price-product-volume | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the PriceProductVolume module](/docs/pbc/all/price-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproductvolume-module.html) |
| spryker/price-product-volume-gui | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the PriceProductVolumeGui module](/docs/pbc/all/price-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproductvolumegui-module.html) |
| spryker/product-availabilities-rest-api | 2.0.0 | [MUpgrade the ProductAvailabilitiesRestApi module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productavailabilitiesrestapi-module.html) |
| spryker/product-bundle | 5.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductBundle module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productbundle-module.html) |
| spryker/product-discount-connector | 4.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductDiscountConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productdiscountconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/product-label-discount-connector | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductLabelDiscountConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productlabeldiscountconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/product-management | 0.17.0 | [Upgrade the ProductManagement module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productmanagement-module.html) |
| spryker/product-measurement-unit | 3.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductMeasurementUnit module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productmeasurementunit-module.html) |
| spryker/product-option | 7.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductOption module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productoption-module.html) |
| spryker/product-option-cart-connector | 6.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductOptionCartConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productoptioncartconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/product-packaging-unit | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductPackagingUnit module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productpackagingunit-module.html) |
| spryker/product-packaging-unit-storage | 3.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductPackagingUnitStorage module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productpackagingunitstorage-module.html) |
| spryker/product-quantity | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductQuantity module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productquantity-module.html) |
| spryker/product-quantity-data-import | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductQuantityDataImport module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productquantitydataimport-module.html) |
| spryker/product-quantity-storage | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductQuantityStorage module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productquantitystorage-module.html) |
| spryker/quick-order | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the QuickOrder module](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quickorderpage-module.html) |
| spryker/sales | 9.0.0 | [Upgrade the Sales module](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-sales-module.html) |
| spryker/sales-quantity | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the SalesQuantity module](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-salesquantity-module.html) |
| spryker/sales-split | 4.0.0 | [Upgrade the SalesSplit module](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-salessplit-module.html) |
| spryker/shipment-discount-connector | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ShipmentDiscountConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/carrier-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shipmentdiscountconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/shopping-list | 3.0.0 | [Migration Guide - ShoppingList](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.html) |
| spryker/stock | 6.0.0 | [Upgrade the Stock module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-stock-module.html) |
| spryker/stock-sales-connector | 4.0.0 |  |
| spryker/wishlist | 7.0.0 | [Upgrade the WishList module](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-wishlist-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/cart-page | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the CartPage module](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-cartpage-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/customer-reorder-widget | 5.0.0 | [Upgrade the CustomerReorderWidget module](/docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-customerreorderwidget.html) |
| spryker-shop/discount-promotion-widget | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the DiscountPromotionWidget module](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-discountpromotionwidget-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/product-detail-page | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductDetailPage module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productdetailpage-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/product-measurement-unit-widget | 0.7.0 | [Upgrade the ProductMeasurementUnit moduleWidget](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productmeasurementunitwidget-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/product-packaging-unit-widget | 0.3.0 | [Upgrade the ProductPackagingUnitWidget module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productpackagingunitwidget-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/product-search-widget | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductSearchWidget module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productsearchwidget-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/quick-order-page | 3.0.0 | [Upgrade the QuickOrderPage module](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quickorderpage-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/shopping-list-page | 0.7.0 | [Migration Guide - ShoppingListPage](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistpage-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/shopping-list-widget | 0.5.0 | [Upgrade the ShoppingListWidget module](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.html) |

</details>

Commit message:

PBC PIM Install Features and Install GLUE SEO Update
Changed the meta desc on the following pages for an SEO update;
- base shop > install and upgrade > float stock for products migration concept
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the alternative products wishlist feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the category filters feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the category management catalog feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the category management cms feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the category management feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the category management promotions and discounts feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the packaging units feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product bundles cart feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product bundles order management feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product category feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product comparison feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product feature dynamic multistore
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product lists feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product sets feature

docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/float-stock-for-products-migration-concept.md, after:

---
title: Float stock for products migration concept
description: Learn how to migrate all effected modules when changing from an int to a float with your stock quantity fields in your Spryker Project.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: howto-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/float-stock-for-products
originalArticleId: 741857cb-b4b4-4132-afbf-1aa5171cf35d
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /2021080/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /v6/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /v6/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /v5/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /v5/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /v4/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /v4/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /v3/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /v3/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /v2/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /v2/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /v1/docs/float-stock-for-products
  - /v1/docs/en/float-stock-for-products
  - /docs/scos/dev/migration-concepts/float-stock-for-products-migration-concept.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/float-stock-for-products-migration-concept.html
related:
  - title: CRUD Scheduled Prices migration concept
    link: docs/pbc/all/price-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-to-crud-scheduled-prices.html
  - title: Decimal Stock migration concept
    link: docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/decimal-stock-migration-concept.html
  - title: Migrating from Twig v1 to Twig v3
    link: docs/scos/dev/migration-concepts/migrating-from-twig-v1-to-twig-v3.html
  - title: Split Delivery migration concept
    link: docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/split-delivery-migration-concept.html
  - title: Silex Replacement migration concept
    link: docs/scos/dev/migration-concepts/silex-replacement/silex-replacement.html
---

We have changed the type of stock and quantity fields from int to float. With this change, we allow to manage fractions of items in the system.

As stock and quantity are very basic concepts of any commerce system, changing their type is a horizontal barrier for the modules. This means that, if a module is upgraded to a version that uses float stock, all the other modules in the project which are involved in the float stock barrier must be upgraded to avoid accidental type incompatibilities. For example, if ModuleX uses float stock and ModuleY uses int stock and there is no hard dependency between them, it’s technically possible to upgrade only one of them, however, during runtime, both modules may happen to process the same request data and, as a result, the response will either be calculated incorrectly or a fatal error will be thrown due to a data type mismatch.

In case of upgrading one of the modules involved into the float stock concept, we strongly recommend upgrading all the modules in your project from the list below. Mostly, the migrations have very low or even zero effort, because they only break type of a transfer object or an internal function’s signature. Some modules changed database field types to DOUBLE which is automatically upgradable by running the necessary console commands.

{% info_block errorBox %}

If you upgrade to the float stock concept, you should also review your project code and make sure to adapt all stock and quantity related customizations and implementations to use float type accordingly. If you have any partner or ECO integrations, they might have to be adjusted too.

{% endinfo_block %}

Here are some typical occurrences of working with stocks and quantities and tips to make them compatible with the float type:

* Product stock and availability management - use `UtilQuantityService` to handle arithmetic operations with float quantity values.
* Cart item management - use `UtilQuantityService` to handle arithmetic operations with float quantity values.
* Price calculations - use `UtilPriceService` to handle rounding of price values in a centralized way and avoid handling money fractions.

## Migration Process

You can try to upgrade all affected modules together by following the steps below.

1. Update the modules:

```bash
composer update "spryker/*" "spryker-shop/*"
composer require spryker/availability:"^7.0.0" spryker/availability-cart-connector:"^5.0.0" spryker/availability-gui:"^4.0.0" spryker/availability-offer-connector:"^2.0.0" spryker/cart:"^6.0.0" spryker/cart-extension:"^3.0.0" spryker/carts-rest-api:"^4.0.0" spryker/checkout:"^5.0.0" spryker/discount:"^8.0.0" spryker/discount-promotion:"^2.0.0" spryker/manual-order-entry-gui:"^0.6.0" spryker/offer:"^0.2.0" spryker/offer-gui:"^0.2.0" spryker/oms:"^9.0.0" spryker/orders-rest-api:"^2.0.0" spryker/persistent-cart:"^2.0.0" spryker/price-cart-connector:"^5.0.0" spryker/price-product:"^3.0.0" spryker/price-product-storage:"^3.0.0" spryker/price-product-volume:"^2.0.0" spryker/price-product-volume-gui:"^2.0.0" spryker/product-availabilities-rest-api:"^2.0.0" spryker/product-bundle:"^5.0.0" spryker/product-discount-connector:"^4.0.0" spryker/product-label-discount-connector:"^2.0.0" spryker/product-management:"^0.17.0" spryker/product-measurement-unit:"^3.0.0" spryker/product-option:"^7.0.0" spryker/product-option-cart-connector:"^6.0.0" spryker/product-packaging-unit:"^2.0.0" spryker/product-packaging-unit-storage:"^3.0.0" spryker/product-quantity:"^2.0.0" spryker/product-quantity-data-import:"^2.0.0" spryker/product-quantity-storage:"^2.0.0" spryker/quick-order:"^2.0.0" spryker/sales:"^9.0.0" spryker/sales-quantity:"^2.0.0" spryker/sales-split:"^4.0.0" spryker/shipment-discount-connector:"^2.0.0" spryker/shopping-list:"^3.0.0" spryker/stock:"^6.0.0" spryker/stock-sales-connector:"^4.0.0" spryker/util-price:"^1.0.0" spryker/util-quantity:"^1.0.0" spryker/wishlist:"^7.0.0" spryker-shop/cart-page:"^2.0.0" spryker-shop/customer-reorder-widget:"^5.0.0" spryker-shop/discount-promotion-widget:"^2.0.0" spryker-shop/product-detail-page:"^2.0.0" spryker-shop/product-measurement-unit-widget:"^0.7.0" spryker-shop/product-packaging-unit-widget:"^0.3.0" spryker-shop/product-search-widget:"^2.0.0" spryker-shop/quick-order-page:"^3.0.0" spryker-shop/shopping-list-page:"^0.7.0" spryker-shop/shopping-list-widget:"^0.5.0" --update-with-dependencies
```

2. Run database migration:

```bash
console propel:install
console transfer:generate
```

3. Manually upgrade the following modules:

* `ProductQuantityStorage`
* `ShoppingListWidget`

You can find the affected modules of the float stock update in the following list.

<details><summary>Affected modules</summary>


| OPERATOR | OPERATOR FOR PLAIN QUERY | MIGRATION GUIDE |
| --- | --- | --- |
| spryker/availability | 7.0.0 | [Upgrade the Availability module](/docs/pbc/all/warehouse-management-system/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-availability-module.html) |
| spryker/availability-cart-connector | 5.0.0 | [Upgrade the AvailabilityCartConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/warehouse-management-system/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-availabilitycartconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/availability-gui | 4.0.0 | [Upgrade the AvailabilityGui module](/docs/pbc/all/warehouse-management-system/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-availabilitygui-module.html) |
| spryker/availability-offer-connector | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the AvailabilityOfferConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/warehouse-management-system/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-availabilityofferconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/cart | 6.0.0 | [Upgrade the Cart module](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-cart-module.html) |
| spryker/cart-extension | 3.0.0 | [Upgrade the CartExtension module](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-cartextension-module.html) |
| spryker/carts-rest-api | 4.0.0 | [Upgrade the CartsRestApi module](/docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/glue-api/cartsrestapi-migration-guide.html) |
| spryker/checkout | 5.0.0 | [Upgrade the Checkout module](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-checkout-module.html) |
| spryker/discount | 8.0.0 | [Upgrade the Discount module](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-discount-module.html) |
| spryker/discount-promotion | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the DiscountPromotion module](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-discountpromotion-module.html) |
| spryker/manual-order-entry-gui | 0.6.0 | [Migration Guide - ManualOrderEntryGui](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-manualorderentrygui-module.html) |
| spryker/offer | 0.2.0 | [Upgrade the Offer module](/docs/pbc/all/offer-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-offer-module.html) |
| spryker/offer-gui | 0.2.0 | [Upgrade the OfferGui module](/docs/pbc/all/offer-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-offergui-module.html) |
| spryker/oms | 9.0.0 | [Upgrade the Oms module](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.html) |
| spryker/orders-rest-api | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the OrdersRestApi module](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-ordersrestapi-module.html) |
| spryker/persistent-cart | 2.0.0 | [Migration Guide - PersistentCart](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-persistentcart-module.html) |
| spryker/price-cart-connector | 5.0.0 | [Upgrade the PriceCartConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/price-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-pricecartconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/price-product | 3.0.0 | [Upgrade the PriceProduct module](/docs/pbc/all/price-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproduct-module.html) |
| spryker/price-product-storage | 3.0.0 | [Upgrade the PriceProductStorage module](/docs/pbc/all/price-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproductstorage-module.html) |
| spryker/price-product-volume | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the PriceProductVolume module](/docs/pbc/all/price-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproductvolume-module.html) |
| spryker/price-product-volume-gui | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the PriceProductVolumeGui module](/docs/pbc/all/price-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproductvolumegui-module.html) |
| spryker/product-availabilities-rest-api | 2.0.0 | [MUpgrade the ProductAvailabilitiesRestApi module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productavailabilitiesrestapi-module.html) |
| spryker/product-bundle | 5.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductBundle module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productbundle-module.html) |
| spryker/product-discount-connector | 4.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductDiscountConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productdiscountconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/product-label-discount-connector | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductLabelDiscountConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productlabeldiscountconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/product-management | 0.17.0 | [Upgrade the ProductManagement module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productmanagement-module.html) |
| spryker/product-measurement-unit | 3.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductMeasurementUnit module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productmeasurementunit-module.html) |
| spryker/product-option | 7.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductOption module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productoption-module.html) |
| spryker/product-option-cart-connector | 6.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductOptionCartConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productoptioncartconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/product-packaging-unit | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductPackagingUnit module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productpackagingunit-module.html) |
| spryker/product-packaging-unit-storage | 3.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductPackagingUnitStorage module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productpackagingunitstorage-module.html) |
| spryker/product-quantity | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductQuantity module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productquantity-module.html) |
| spryker/product-quantity-data-import | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductQuantityDataImport module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productquantitydataimport-module.html) |
| spryker/product-quantity-storage | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductQuantityStorage module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productquantitystorage-module.html) |
| spryker/quick-order | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the QuickOrder module](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quickorderpage-module.html) |
| spryker/sales | 9.0.0 | [Upgrade the Sales module](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-sales-module.html) |
| spryker/sales-quantity | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the SalesQuantity module](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-salesquantity-module.html) |
| spryker/sales-split | 4.0.0 | [Upgrade the SalesSplit module](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-salessplit-module.html) |
| spryker/shipment-discount-connector | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ShipmentDiscountConnector module](/docs/pbc/all/carrier-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shipmentdiscountconnector-module.html) |
| spryker/shopping-list | 3.0.0 | [Migration Guide - ShoppingList](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.html) |
| spryker/stock | 6.0.0 | [Upgrade the Stock module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-stock-module.html) |
| spryker/stock-sales-connector | 4.0.0 |  |
| spryker/wishlist | 7.0.0 | [Upgrade the WishList module](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-wishlist-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/cart-page | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the CartPage module](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-cartpage-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/customer-reorder-widget | 5.0.0 | [Upgrade the CustomerReorderWidget module](/docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-customerreorderwidget.html) |
| spryker-shop/discount-promotion-widget | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the DiscountPromotionWidget module](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-discountpromotionwidget-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/product-detail-page | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductDetailPage module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productdetailpage-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/product-measurement-unit-widget | 0.7.0 | [Upgrade the ProductMeasurementUnit moduleWidget](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productmeasurementunitwidget-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/product-packaging-unit-widget | 0.3.0 | [Upgrade the ProductPackagingUnitWidget module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productpackagingunitwidget-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/product-search-widget | 2.0.0 | [Upgrade the ProductSearchWidget module](/docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productsearchwidget-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/quick-order-page | 3.0.0 | [Upgrade the QuickOrderPage module](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quickorderpage-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/shopping-list-page | 0.7.0 | [Migration Guide - ShoppingListPage](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistpage-module.html) |
| spryker-shop/shopping-list-widget | 0.5.0 | [Upgrade the ShoppingListWidget module](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{site.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-shoppinglistwidget-module.html) |

</details>
