docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-category-management-feature.md, before:

---
title: Install the Category Management feature
last_updated: Jun 29, 2021
template: feature-integration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/category-management-feature-integration
originalArticleId: fc4add5d-25e3-4c5c-b171-98726a915e66
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/category-management-feature-integration
  - /2021080/docs/en/category-management-feature-integration
  - /docs/category-management-feature-integration
  - /docs/en/category-management-feature-integration
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/201811.0/category-management-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/201903.0/category-management-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/201907.0/category-management-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202005.0/category-management-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202311.0/category-management-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-category-management-feature.html
related:
  - title: Install the Category Management Glue API
    link: docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-category-management-glue-api.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-the-category-management-feature.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202311.0/install-the-category-management-feature.md -->

Commit message:

PBC PIM Install Features and Install GLUE SEO Update
Changed the meta desc on the following pages for an SEO update;
- base shop > install and upgrade > float stock for products migration concept
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the alternative products wishlist feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the category filters feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the category management catalog feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the category management cms feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the category management feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the category management promotions and discounts feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the packaging units feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product bundles cart feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product bundles order management feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product category feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product comparison feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product feature dynamic multistore
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product lists feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the product sets feature

docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-category-management-feature.md, after:

---
title: Install the Category Management feature
description: Learn how you can install the category management feature in to your Spryker Cloud Commerce OS Project.
last_updated: Jun 29, 2021
template: feature-integration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/category-management-feature-integration
originalArticleId: fc4add5d-25e3-4c5c-b171-98726a915e66
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/category-management-feature-integration
  - /2021080/docs/en/category-management-feature-integration
  - /docs/category-management-feature-integration
  - /docs/en/category-management-feature-integration
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/201811.0/category-management-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/201903.0/category-management-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/201907.0/category-management-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202005.0/category-management-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202311.0/category-management-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-category-management-feature.html
related:
  - title: Install the Category Management Glue API
    link: docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-category-management-glue-api.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-the-category-management-feature.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202311.0/install-the-category-management-feature.md -->
