docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202410.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-cart-and-checkout-data.md, before:

---
title: Import Cart and Checkout data
description: Details about the data importers for Cart and Checkout
last_updated: Jun 23, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202204.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-cart-and-checkout-data.html
---
To learn how data import works and about different ways of importing data, see [Data import](/docs/dg/dev/data-import/{{page.version}}/data-import.html). This section describes the data import files that are used to import data related to the Cart and Checkout PBC:

* ["Import file details: comment.csv"](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-comment.csv.html)
* ["Import file details: product_quantity.csv"](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-product-quantity.csv.html)
* ["Import file details: sales_order_threshold.csv"](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-sales-order-threshold.csv.html)

Commit message:

PBC Cart abd Checkout feature overview and import export seo update
Changed meta description for the following pages for an SEO update:
- approval process feautre overview
- cart feature overview
- cart notes overview
- dynamic cart overview
- order thresholds overview
- import cart and checkout data
- import file details comments
- import file details product quantity
- import file details sales order threshold

docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202410.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-cart-and-checkout-data.md, after:

---
title: Import Cart and Checkout data
description: Learn how to import and export cart and checkout data in Spryker Cloud Commerce OS using data importers. Simplifying data management and streamlining processes.
last_updated: Jun 23, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202204.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-cart-and-checkout-data.html
---
To learn how data import works and about different ways of importing data, see [Data import](/docs/dg/dev/data-import/{{page.version}}/data-import.html). This section describes the data import files that are used to import data related to the Cart and Checkout PBC:

* ["Import file details: comment.csv"](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-comment.csv.html)
* ["Import file details: product_quantity.csv"](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-product-quantity.csv.html)
* ["Import file details: sales_order_threshold.csv"](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-sales-order-threshold.csv.html)
