docs/pbc/all/search/latest/base-shop/third-party-integrations/algolia/algolia.md, before:

---
title: Algolia
description: Algolia empowers Builders with Search and Recommendation services to create world-class digital experiences.
last_updated: Nov 24, 2024
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/pbc/all/search/202311.0/third-party-integrations/algolia.html  -
  - /docs/pbc/all/search/202311.0/base-shop/third-party-integrations/algolia.html
---

![algolia-hero](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/search/third-party-integrations/algolia/algolia-hero.png)

Spryker is shipped with [Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/elasticsearch/) as the default search engine. However, you can replace it with [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/). The Algolia search engine stands out because of its performance. With the Algolia app, your users can conduct advanced searches of active concrete products in your store.

<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/search/algolia/algolia/Algolia_ACPApp_Demo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>

To use Algolia as your search engine, you need an account with Algolia. For details about Algolia integration, see [Integrate Algolia](/docs/pbc/all/search/latest/base-shop/third-party-integrations/algolia/integrate-algolia.html).


## Searchable attributes

Your users can search for active concrete products by the following attributes:

- SKU
- Name
- Description
- Keywords

In Algolia Dashboard, you can configure other attributes to be searchable.

{% info_block infoBox "" %}

In search results, Spryker groups all concrete products belonging to the same abstract product.

{% endinfo_block %}

## Indexes

An index is a place where the data used by Algolia is stored.

In case of the Spryker store, the index is a complete list of all active concrete products that can appear in search results.
There are separate indexes for each locale and sorting strategy. With the Algolia app, the search results in your store can be sorted by the following options:

- Primary index
- From highest to lowest rating
- By price in ascending order
- By price in descending order
- By name in ascending order
- By name in descending order

For example, if you have two locales, there will be 12 indexes for your store in Algolia. One for each locale and sorting strategy:

![algolia-indexes](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/search/algolia/algolia/algolia-index.png)

The Algolia index is always kept up to date with product data changes. That means that if a Back Office user added or changed some searchable product attribute such as a description, the change is immediately reflected in the Algolia search results.

### How products are stored in Algolia

Here is an example of product data stored in Algolia:

```json
{
  "sku": "017_21748906",
  "name": "Sony Cyber-shot DSC-W800",
  "abstract_name": "Sony Cyber-shot DSC-W800",
  "description": "Styled for your pocket Precision photography meets the portability of a smartphone. The W800 is small enough to take great photos, look good while doing it, and slip in your pocket. Shooting great photos and videos is easy with the W800. Buttons are positioned for ease of use, while a dedicated movie button makes shooting movies simple. The vivid 2.7-type Clear Photo LCD display screen lets you view your stills and play back movies with minimal effort. Whip out the W800 to capture crisp, smooth footage in an instant. At the press of a button, you can record blur-free 720 HD images with digital sound. Breathe new life into a picture by using built-in Picture Effect technology. There's a range of modes to choose from – you don't even have to download image-editing software.",
  "url": "/en/sony-cyber-shot-dsc-w800-17",
  "product_abstract_sku": "017",
  "rating": 4.5,
  "keywords": "Sony,Entertainment Electronics",
  "images": {
    "default": [
      {
        "small": "https://images.icecat.biz/img/norm/medium/21748906-Sony.jpg",
        "large": "https://images.icecat.biz/img/norm/high/21748906-Sony.jpg"
      }
    ]
  },
  "category": [
    "Demoshop",
    "Cameras & Camcorders",
    "Digital Cameras"
  ],
  "label": [],
  "hierarchical_categories": {
    "lvl0": "Demoshop",
    "lvl1": "Demoshop > Cameras & Camcorders",
    "lvl2": "Demoshop > Cameras & Camcorders > Digital Cameras"
  },
  "attributes": {
    "brand": "Sony",
    "color": "Silver",
    "digital_zoom": "40 x",
    "internal_memory": "29 MB",
    "optical_zoom": "5 x",
    "upcs": "0013803252897",
    "usb_version": "2"
  },
  "merchant_name": [ // Marketplace only
    "Video King",
    "Budget Cameras"
  ],
  "merchant_reference": [ // Marketplace only
    "MER000002",
    "MER000005"
  ],
  "search_metadata": [], // Put inside this list all your ranking attributes
  "concrete_prices": {
    "eur": {
      "gross": 345699,
      "net": 311129
    },
    "chf": {
      "gross": 397554,
      "net": 357798
    }
  },
  "prices": {
    "eur": {
      "gross": 345699,
      "net": 311129
    },
    "chf": {
      "gross": 397554,
      "net": 357798
    }
  },
  "objectID": "017_21748906"
}
```

## Next step

[Integrate Algolia](/docs/pbc/all/search/latest/base-shop/third-party-integrations/algolia/integrate-algolia.html)

Commit message:

ACP-5066: integration of Algolia to CMS pages search (#3254)
* ACP-5066: integration of Algolia to CMS pages search

* ACP-5066: ci

* ACP-5066: updated configuration, customization pages

* ACP-5066: ci

* ACP-5066: ci 2

* Update algolia.md

Update in regards to indexing CMS and Docs

* ACP-5066: algolia widgets integration guide

* ACP-5066: algolia widgets integration guide (gramma)

* Update algolia.md

* Fix formatting in Algolia documentation

* ACP-5066: ci, sidebar

* ACP-5066: ci 2

* actualized Algolia integration page

* small adjustments

* custom search with algolia how to guide.

* ci

* sidebar

* added hits explanation

---------

Co-authored-by: VasilikiChatz <144453148+VasilikiChatz@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/pbc/all/search/latest/base-shop/third-party-integrations/algolia/algolia.md, after:

---
title: Algolia
description: Algolia empowers Builders with Search and Recommendation services to create world-class digital experiences.
last_updated: Sep 1, 2025
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/pbc/all/search/202311.0/third-party-integrations/algolia.html  -
  - /docs/pbc/all/search/202311.0/base-shop/third-party-integrations/algolia.html
---

![algolia-hero](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/search/third-party-integrations/algolia/algolia-hero.png)

Spryker comes with [Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/elasticsearch/) as the default search engine, but you can replace it with [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/). Algolia stands out for its high performance. With the Algolia ACP app, your users can perform advanced searches for active concrete products or content in your store.

<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/search/algolia/algolia/Algolia_ACPApp_Demo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>

To use Algolia as your search engine, you need an Algolia account. For details about integrating Algolia, see [Integrate Algolia](/docs/pbc/all/search/latest/base-shop/third-party-integrations/algolia/integrate-algolia.html).


## Searchable attributes

Your users can search for active concrete products by the following attributes:

- SKU
- Name
- Description
- Keywords

Additionally, the Algolia ACP App supports searching content (CMS pages) and indexed documentation (PDFs). To index documentation (PDFs), you must use the Algolia Crawler. In the Algolia Dashboard, you can configure other attributes to be searchable.

{% info_block infoBox "" %}

In search results, Spryker groups all concrete products belonging to the same abstract product. Depending on your configuration, it can also display results for Pages and Documents.

{% endinfo_block %}

## Indexes

An index is where Algolia stores data.

For a Spryker store, the index contains all active concrete products that can appear in search results. If configured, a separate index is created for CMS pages. To create an index for Documents, you must use the Algolia Crawler.

There are separate indexes for each locale and sorting strategy. With the Algolia app, search results in your store can be sorted by:

- Relevance (primary index)
- Name (ascending and descending)
- Rating (highest to lowest, products only)
- Price (ascending and descending, products only)

For example, for products if you have two locales, there will be 12 indexes for your store in Algolia — one for each locale and sorting strategy:

![algolia-indexes](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/search/algolia/algolia/algolia-index.png)

The Algolia index is always kept up to date with products and CMS pages changes. If a Back Office user adds or changes a searchable product attribute, such as a description, the change is immediately reflected in Algolia search results.

### How products are stored in Algolia

Here is an example of product data stored in Algolia:

```json
{
  "sku": "017_21748906",
  "name": "Sony Cyber-shot DSC-W800",
  "abstract_name": "Sony Cyber-shot DSC-W800",
  "description": "Styled for your pocket Precision photography meets the portability of a smartphone. The W800 is small enough to take great photos, look good while doing it, and slip in your pocket. Shooting great photos and videos is easy with the W800. Buttons are positioned for ease of use, while a dedicated movie button makes shooting movies simple. The vivid 2.7-type Clear Photo LCD display screen lets you view your stills and play back movies with minimal effort. Whip out the W800 to capture crisp, smooth footage in an instant. At the press of a button, you can record blur-free 720 HD images with digital sound. Breathe new life into a picture by using built-in Picture Effect technology. There's a range of modes to choose from – you don't even have to download image-editing software.",
  "url": "/en/sony-cyber-shot-dsc-w800-17",
  "product_abstract_sku": "017",
  "rating": 4.5,
  "keywords": "Sony,Entertainment Electronics",
  "images": {
    "default": [
      {
        "small": "https://images.icecat.biz/img/norm/medium/21748906-Sony.jpg",
        "large": "https://images.icecat.biz/img/norm/high/21748906-Sony.jpg"
      }
    ]
  },
  "category": [
    "Demoshop",
    "Cameras & Camcorders",
    "Digital Cameras"
  ],
  "label": [],
  "hierarchical_categories": {
    "lvl0": "Demoshop",
    "lvl1": "Demoshop > Cameras & Camcorders",
    "lvl2": "Demoshop > Cameras & Camcorders > Digital Cameras"
  },
  "attributes": {
    "brand": "Sony",
    "color": "Silver",
    "digital_zoom": "40 x",
    "internal_memory": "29 MB",
    "optical_zoom": "5 x",
    "upcs": "0013803252897",
    "usb_version": "2"
  },
  "merchant_name": [ // Marketplace only
    "Video King",
    "Budget Cameras"
  ],
  "merchant_reference": [ // Marketplace only
    "MER000002",
    "MER000005"
  ],
  "search_metadata": [], // Field for project-specific attributes.
  "concrete_prices": {
    "eur": {
      "gross": 345699,
      "net": 311129
    },
    "chf": {
      "gross": 397554,
      "net": 357798
    }
  },
  "prices": {
    "eur": {
      "gross": 345699,
      "net": 311129
    },
    "chf": {
      "gross": 397554,
      "net": 357798
    }
  },
  "objectID": "017_21748906"
}
```

## Next step

- [Integrate Algolia](/docs/pbc/all/search/latest/base-shop/third-party-integrations/algolia/integrate-algolia.html)
- [Configure Algolia](/docs/pbc/all/search/latest/base-shop/third-party-integrations/algolia/configure-algolia.html)
