docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.md, before:

---
title: Install the Checkout Glue API
template: feature-integration-guide-template
last_updated: Dec 27, 2023
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/glue-api-checkout-feature-integration
originalArticleId: f44bd963-7af3-4ce8-8b7a-3c1477880728
  - /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202311.0/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.html
related:
  - title: Install the Checkout feature
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-checkout-feature.html
  - title: Check out purchases
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/check-out/glue-api-check-out-purchases.html
  - title: Update payment data
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/check-out/glue-api-update-payment-data.html
  - title: Submit checkout data
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/check-out/glue-api-submit-checkout-data.html    
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202403.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202404.0/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.md -->

Commit message:

PBC cart and checkout install and upgrade SEO update
Changed the meta description for the following pages for an SEO update.

- install features > install the cart agent assist feature
- install features > install the cart feature dynamic multistore
- install features > install the cart notes feature
- install features > install the cart product bundles feature
- install features > install the cart product feature
- install features > install the cart shipment feature
- install features > install the checkout feature
- install features > install the checkout quotation process feature
- install features > install the checkout workflow feature
- install features > install the comments merchant b2b contract requests feature
- install features > install the comments merchant b2b contracts feature
- install features > install the comments spryker core back office feature
- install features > install the multiple carts quotation process feature
- install features > install the quick add to cart feature
- install features > install the quick add to cart non splittable products feature
- install features > install the quick add to cart shopping lists feature
- install features > install the resource sharing feature
- install features >  install the shared carts feature
- install features > install the uuid generation console feature
- install glue api > install the cart glue api
- install glue api > install the checkout glue api
- install glue api > install the shared carts glue apie
- upgrade modules > upgrade the cart module
- upgrade modules > upgrade the cartrestapi module
- upgrade modules > upgrade the cartvariant module
  - upgrade modules >  upgrade the checkout page module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the checkout rest api module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the multicartpage module
- upgrade modules > upgrade the persistent cart module
- upgrade modules > upgrade the quickorder module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the quickorder page module

docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.md, after:

---
title: Install the Checkout Glue API
description: A guide on how to install the Spryker Checkout glue API feature in to your projects.
template: feature-integration-guide-template
last_updated: Dec 27, 2023
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/glue-api-checkout-feature-integration
originalArticleId: f44bd963-7af3-4ce8-8b7a-3c1477880728
  - /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202311.0/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.html
related:
  - title: Install the Checkout feature
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-checkout-feature.html
  - title: Check out purchases
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/check-out/glue-api-check-out-purchases.html
  - title: Update payment data
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/check-out/glue-api-update-payment-data.html
  - title: Submit checkout data
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/check-out/glue-api-submit-checkout-data.html    
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202403.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202404.0/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.md -->
