




{% info_block warningBox "Dynamic product labels" %}

Products for the [dynamic product labels](/docs/scos/user/features/{{page.version}}/product-labels-feature-overview.html#dynamic-product-label) (like *New*, or *Sale*) are applied dynamically based on the defined rules. There is no way to apply products manually.

{% endinfo_block %}


## Prerequisites

To start editing product labels, do the following:
1. Go to **Merchandising** > **Product Labels**.
    This opens the **Product Labels** page.
2. Next to the product label you want to edit, click **Edit**.

## Edit the general settings of a product label

1. Click the **Settings** tab.
2. Update any of the following:
    * **NAME**
    * **FRONT-END REFERENCE**
    * **PRIORITY**
3. Select or clear the **IS ACTIVE** checkbox.    
4. In the **BEHAVIOR** pane, update any of the following:
    * **VALID FROM**
    * **VALID TO**
5. Select or clear the **IS EXCLUSIVE** checkbox.        
6. In the **STORE RELATION** pane, do any of the following:
    * Clear the checkboxes next to the stores you want to stop displaying the label in.
    * Select the checkboxes next to the stores you want to start displaying the label in.
7. In the **TRANSLATIONS** pane, update the **NAME** for the needed locales.
8. Click **Save**.
    This refershes the page with a success message displayed. 


To edit a product label:
1. In the _Actions_ column of the *Overview of Product Labels* page, select **Edit**.
2. On the *Edit Product Label: {product label name}* page, edit the values.
3. Select **Save**.
The page is refreshed to show the message about successful product label update.


## Reference information: Editing product labels

The following table describes the attributes you see, select, or enter while creating and editing a product label in the Settings tab.

| ATTRIBUTE | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the product label. |
| Front-end Reference | Defines the location and design of the product label. By default, the following designs are available: *alternative*, *discontinued*, *top*, *new*, *sale*. |
| Priority | Defines the order in which labels appear on a product card and product details page. The product label with the lowest number has the highest priority. |
| Is active | Check box that, if selected, defines that the product label is active.  |
| Valid from and Valid to | Inclusively defines the time period when the product label is displayed. If no dates are selected, the label is always displayed. |
| Is exclusive | Check box that defines the product label exclusivity. If an exclusive product label is applied to a product, all the other applied product labels are not displayed on the product card. |
| Select Stores | Stores in which a product label is visible and available on the Storefront. |
| Name in the *Translations* section | Name of the product label translated to a respective language. |


In the *Products* tab, you can see the following information:
* autogenerated product ID
* Product SKU
* Product name
* The categories the product label is assigned to
* Product price
* Product status

In the *Products* tab, you can do the following:
* View a product.
* Sort by ID, SKU, and Name.
* Search by SKU and Name.

**Tips and tricks**
<br>In the *Assigned Products* subtab of the *Products* tab, clear the check box next to a product to deassign it from the label.
