docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202410.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-discount-management-data.md, before:

---
title: Import Discount Management data
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: data-import-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/discounts
originalArticleId: 02e8504e-1e84-4049-8c94-4f3be874ad16
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/discounts
  - /2021080/docs/en/discounts
  - /docs/discounts
  - /docs/en/discounts
  - /docs/scos/dev/data-import/202311.0/data-import-categories/merchandising-setup/discounts/discounts.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202311.0/import-and-export-data/discount-import.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202311.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/discount-import.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202204.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-discount-management-data.html
---

To learn how data import works and about different ways of importing data, see [Data import](/docs/dg/dev/data-import/{{page.version}}/data-import.html). This section describes the data import files that are used to import data related to the Discount Management PBC:

* [discount.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount.csv.html): allows you to import general information about the discounts and their attributes.
* [discount_amount.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount-amount.csv.html):  allows you to import data used to set the values of the discounts imported with *discount.csv*.
* [discount_store.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount-store.csv.html): allows you to link the discounts with the stores.
* [discount_voucher.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount-voucher.csv.html) allows you to import information about vouchers.

The following table provides details about Discount Management data importers, their purpose, CSV files, dependencies, and other details. Each data importer contains links to CSV files used to import the corresponding data, including specifications of mandatory and unique fields, dependencies, detailed explanations, recommendations, templates, and content examples.

| DATA IMPORTER | PURPOSE | CONSOLE COMMAND | FILES | DEPENDENCIES |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |--- |
| Discount   | Imports information about the discounts and their attributes. |`data:import:discount`| [discount.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount.csv.html) | None|
| Discount Amount  | Imports information used to set the values of the discounts imported with *discount.csv*. |`data:import:discount-amount`| [discount_amount.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount-amount.csv.html) |<ul><li>discount.csv</li><li>discount_store.csv</li></ul> |
| Discount Store   | Imports information about this file links the discounts with the stores. |`data:import:discount-store`| [discount_store.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount-store.csv.html) | <ul><li>[discount.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount.csv.html)</li><li>*stores.php* configuration file of demo shop PHP project.</li></ul> |
| Discount Voucher   | Imports information used to create the discount voucher.|`data:import:discount-voucher`| [discount_voucher.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount-voucher.csv.html) | [discount.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount.csv.html) |

Commit message:

PBC Discount Management SEO Update
Changed the meta description for the following pages for the SEO update;
- base shop > import and export data > import discount management data
- base shop > import and export data > import file details discount amount csv
- base shop > import and export data > import file discount store
- base shop > import and export data > import file discount voucher csv
- base shop > import and export data > import file details discount csv
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the promotions and discounts category management feature
- base shop  > install and upgrade >  upgrade modules > upgrade the discount module
- base shop  > manage in the back office > best practices promote products with discounts
- base shop >> manage in the back office >  create discounts
- base shop  > manage in the back office > export voucher codes
- base shop > manage in the back office > manage discounts in the back office
- base shop  > manage using the glue api > glue api add items with discounts to guest carts
- base shop > manage using the glue api > glue api manage discount vouchers in guest carts
- base shop > manage using the glue api > glue api manage discounts
- base shop > manage using the glue api > glue api retrieve discounts in guest carts
- discount management

docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202410.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-discount-management-data.md, after:

---
title: Import Discount Management data
description: Learn which files are used to import data realted to Discount Management module within your Spryker Cloud Commerce OS project.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: data-import-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/discounts
originalArticleId: 02e8504e-1e84-4049-8c94-4f3be874ad16
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/discounts
  - /2021080/docs/en/discounts
  - /docs/discounts
  - /docs/en/discounts
  - /docs/scos/dev/data-import/202311.0/data-import-categories/merchandising-setup/discounts/discounts.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202311.0/import-and-export-data/discount-import.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202311.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/discount-import.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202204.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-discount-management-data.html
---

To learn how data import works and about different ways of importing data, see [Data import](/docs/dg/dev/data-import/{{page.version}}/data-import.html). This section describes the data import files that are used to import data related to the Discount Management PBC:

* [discount.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount.csv.html): allows you to import general information about the discounts and their attributes.
* [discount_amount.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount-amount.csv.html):  allows you to import data used to set the values of the discounts imported with *discount.csv*.
* [discount_store.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount-store.csv.html): allows you to link the discounts with the stores.
* [discount_voucher.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount-voucher.csv.html) allows you to import information about vouchers.

The following table provides details about Discount Management data importers, their purpose, CSV files, dependencies, and other details. Each data importer contains links to CSV files used to import the corresponding data, including specifications of mandatory and unique fields, dependencies, detailed explanations, recommendations, templates, and content examples.

| DATA IMPORTER | PURPOSE | CONSOLE COMMAND | FILES | DEPENDENCIES |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |--- |
| Discount   | Imports information about the discounts and their attributes. |`data:import:discount`| [discount.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount.csv.html) | None|
| Discount Amount  | Imports information used to set the values of the discounts imported with *discount.csv*. |`data:import:discount-amount`| [discount_amount.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount-amount.csv.html) |<ul><li>discount.csv</li><li>discount_store.csv</li></ul> |
| Discount Store   | Imports information about this file links the discounts with the stores. |`data:import:discount-store`| [discount_store.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount-store.csv.html) | <ul><li>[discount.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount.csv.html)</li><li>*stores.php* configuration file of demo shop PHP project.</li></ul> |
| Discount Voucher   | Imports information used to create the discount voucher.|`data:import:discount-voucher`| [discount_voucher.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount-voucher.csv.html) | [discount.csv](/docs/pbc/all/discount-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-discount.csv.html) |
