docs/dg/dev/developing-standalone-modules/test-the-compatibility-of-standalone-modules.md, before:

---
title: Test the compatibility of standalone modules
description: Ensure compatibility
last_updated: Jun 7, 2024
template: howto-guide-template
---

To test a third-party module's compatibility with a Spryker Demo Shop, follow the steps:

1. From one of the following, choose one Demo Shop to test the compatibility of your module with:
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2c-demo-shop
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2b-demo-shop
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2c-demo-marketplace
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2b-demo-marketplace

2. Pull the latest version of the Demo Shop you've selected.
3. Install your module using Composer.
  Use the version you want to test. For example, if you're running CI on a specific branch, use that brunch as the module package's version constraint.
4. On the demo shop project level, apply all the manual changes needed to complete the module installation.
5. Test the functionality of the module.

## Next step

[Driving the usage](/docs/dg/dev/developing-standalone-modules/driving-the-usage-of-standalone-modules.html)

Commit message:

DEV Misc SEO Update
changed the meta description for misc articles within the developing standalone modules section in dev docs

docs/dg/dev/developing-standalone-modules/test-the-compatibility-of-standalone-modules.md, after:

---
title: Test the compatibility of standalone modules
description: Learn how to test the compatibility of standalone modules within your Spryker based project.
last_updated: Jun 7, 2024
template: howto-guide-template
---

To test a third-party module's compatibility with a Spryker Demo Shop, follow the steps:

1. From one of the following, choose one Demo Shop to test the compatibility of your module with:
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2c-demo-shop
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2b-demo-shop
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2c-demo-marketplace
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2b-demo-marketplace

2. Pull the latest version of the Demo Shop you've selected.
3. Install your module using Composer.
  Use the version you want to test. For example, if you're running CI on a specific branch, use that brunch as the module package's version constraint.
4. On the demo shop project level, apply all the manual changes needed to complete the module installation.
5. Test the functionality of the module.

## Next step

[Driving the usage](/docs/dg/dev/developing-standalone-modules/driving-the-usage-of-standalone-modules.html)
