docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/202410.0/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/install-and-configure-computop.md, before:

---
title: Installing and configuring Computop
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: concept-topic-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/computop-installation-and-configuration
originalArticleId: 7d6fd0b4-0e5e-41ac-9788-0361d3252a58
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/technology-partner-guides/202200.0/payment-partners/computop/installing-and-configuring-computop.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/technology-partner-guides/202311.0/payment-partners/computop/installing-and-configuring-computop.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/202311.0/third-party-integrations/computop/install-and-configure-computop.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/technology-partner-guides/202204.0/payment-partners/computop/installing-and-configuring-computop.html
---

This topic describes how to integrate Computop into a Spryker project by installing and configuring the Computop module.

The [SprykerEco.Computop](https://github.com/spryker-eco/computop) bundle provides integration of the Computop industry partner with Spryker Commerce OS. It requires the [SprykerEco.ComputopApi](https://github.com/spryker-eco/computop-api) bundle that provides the REST Client for making API calls to the Computop Payment Provider.

The `SprykerEco.Computop` module includes the integrations:
* Checkout process—payment forms with all the necessary fields that are required to make payment requests, save order information and so on.
* OMS (Order Management System)—state machines, all necessary commands for making modification requests and conditions for changing order statuses accordingly.


The `SprykerEco.Computop` module provides the following payment methods:
* [Credit Card](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-credit-card-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [Direct Debit](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-direct-debit-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [EasyCredit](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-easy-credit-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [iDeal](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-ideal-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [Paydirekt](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-paydirekt-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [PayNow](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-paynow-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [PayPal](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-paypal-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [SofortÜberweisung](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-sofort-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* PayU CEE Single
* PayPal Express

## Installation

Install the Computop module:

```bash
composer require spryker-eco/computop
```

To use PayPal Express, also install the Computop Shipment module:

```bash
composer require spryker-eco/computop-shipment
```

## Configuration

You can check all the necessary configurations in `vendor/spryker-eco/computop/config/config.dist.php`.

The following example shows the Computop module configuration:

<details>
<summary>config/Shared/config_default.php</summary>

```PHP
// Spryker security configuration
$config[KernelConstants::DOMAIN_WHITELIST] = [
	...
    'www.computop-paygate.com', // A trusted Computop domain, required for redirects to third-party services.
];
$config[SessionConstants::YVES_SESSION_COOKIE_SAMESITE] = Cookie::SAMESITE_NONE; // Allows to redirect customers from Computop back to the shop via a `POST` request. (https://developer.computop.com/display/EN/Third-party-cookies+-+Browser+cookies+and+session+handling)

// Credantials
$config[ComputopApiConstants::MERCHANT_ID] = 'Computop merchant identifier';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::BLOWFISH_PASSWORD] = 'Password for blowfish hashing';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::HMAC_PASSWORD] = 'Password for hmac hashing';
$config[ComputopConstants::IDEAL_ISSUER_ID] = 'IDeal issuer identifier';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAYDIREKT_SHOP_KEY] = 'Paydirekt shop key';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_PAL_CLIENT_ID] = 'Paypal Client ID';

// Init API call endpoints
$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_NOW_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/paynow.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::CREDIT_CARD_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/payssl.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAYPAL_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/paypal.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::DIRECT_DEBIT_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/paysdd.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::SOFORT_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/sofort.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAYDIREKT_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/paydirekt.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::IDEAL_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/ideal.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::EASY_CREDIT_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/easyCredit.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAYU_CEE_SINGLE_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/payu.aspx';

// Post order place API calls endpoints
$config[ComputopApiConstants::PAYPAL_EXPRESS_PREPARE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/ExternalServices/paypalorders.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::PAYPAL_EXPRESS_COMPLETE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/paypalComplete.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::EASY_CREDIT_STATUS_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/easyCreditDirect.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::EASY_CREDIT_AUTHORIZE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/easyCreditDirect.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::AUTHORIZE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/authorize.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::CAPTURE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/capture.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::REVERSE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/reverse.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::INQUIRE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/inquire.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::REFUND_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/credit.aspx';

// Payment method specific configuration
$config[ComputopApiConstants::RESPONSE_MAC_REQUIRED] = [
    ComputopConfig::INIT_METHOD,
];
$config[ComputopConstants::CREDIT_CARD_TEMPLATE_ENABLED] = false;
$config[ComputopConstants::CREDIT_CARD_TX_TYPE] = '';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_NOW_TX_TYPE] = '';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_PAL_TX_TYPE] = ComputopConfig::TX_TYPE_AUTH;
$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_PAL_EXPRESS_PAYPAL_METHOD] = '';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAYMENT_METHODS_WITHOUT_ORDER_CALL] = [
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_SOFORT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAYDIREKT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_IDEAL,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_CREDIT_CARD,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_NOW,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL_EXPRESS,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_DIRECT_DEBIT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_EASY_CREDIT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAYU_CEE_SINGLE,
];
$config[ComputopApiConstants::PAYMENT_METHODS_CAPTURE_TYPES] = [
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAYDIREKT => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_CREDIT_CARD => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_NOW => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL_EXPRESS => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_DIRECT_DEBIT => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAYU_CEE_SINGLE => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
];

// CRIF (formerly Deltavista) configuration
$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_ENABLED] = true;
$config[ComputopApiConstants::CRIF_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/deltavista.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::CRIF_PRODUCT_NAME] = ComputopConfig::CRIF_PRODUCT_NAME_QUICK_CHECK_CONSUMER;
$config[ComputopApiConstants::CRIF_LEGAL_FORM] = ComputopConfig::CRIF_LEGAL_FORM_PERSON;
$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_GREEN_AVAILABLE_PAYMENT_METHODS] = [
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_SOFORT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAYDIREKT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_IDEAL,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_CREDIT_CARD,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_NOW,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL_EXPRESS,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_DIRECT_DEBIT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_EASY_CREDIT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAYU_CEE_SINGLE,
];
$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_YELLOW_AVAILABLE_PAYMENT_METHODS] = [
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_CREDIT_CARD,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_NOW,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL_EXPRESS,
];
$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_RED_AVAILABLE_PAYMENT_METHODS] = [
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_CREDIT_CARD,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_EASY_CREDIT,
];
$config[ComputopShipmentConstants::PAYPAL_EXPRESS_DEFAULT_SHIPMENT_METHOD_KEY] = 'spryker_dummy_shipment-standard';
```

</details>

| CONFIGURATION KEY | TYPE | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::MERCHANT_ID]` | string | Computop merchant identifier. |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::BLOWFISH_PASSWORD]` | string | Password for Blowfish hashing. |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::HMAC_PASSWORD]` | string | Password for HMAC hashing. |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAYDIREKT_SHOP_KEY]` | string | Shop key for the Paydirect payment method. |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::IDEAL_ISSUER_ID]`  | string  | Issuer ID for the Ideal payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_PAL_CLIENT_ID]`  | string  | PayPal Client ID for the PayPal Express payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_NOW_INIT_ACTION]`  | string  | `init` API call endpoint for the PayNow payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CREDIT_CARD_INIT_ACTION]`  |string | `init` API call endpoint for the Credit Card payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAYPAL_INIT_ACTION]`  | string  | `init` API call endpoint for the PayPal payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::DIRECT_DEBIT_INIT_ACTION]`  | string  | `init` API call endpoint for the Direct Debit payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::SOFORT_INIT_ACTION]`  | string  | `init` API call endpoint for the Sofort payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAYDIREKT_INIT_ACTION]`  |string   | `init` API call endpoint for the Paydirect payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::IDEAL_INIT_ACTION]`  | string  | `init` API call endpoint for the Ideal payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::EASY_CREDIT_INIT_ACTION]`  | string  | `init` API call endpoint for the Easy Credit payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAYU_CEE_SINGLE_INIT_ACTION]` | string | `init` API call endpoint for the PayU CEE Single payment method. |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::PAYPAL_EXPRESS_PREPARE_ACTION]` | string | `prepare` API call endpoint for the PayPal Express payment method. |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::PAYPAL_EXPRESS_COMPLETE_ACTION]` | string | `complete` API call endpoint for the PayPal Express payment method. |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::EASY_CREDIT_STATUS_ACTION]`  | string  | `status` API call endpoint for the Easy Credit payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::EASY_CREDIT_AUTHORIZE_ACTION]` | string  | `authorize` API call endpoint for the Easy Credit payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::AUTHORIZE_ACTION]`  | string  | `authorize` API call endpoint.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::CAPTURE_ACTION]`  | string  | `capture` API call endpoint.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::REVERSE_ACTION]`  | string  | `reserve` API call endpoint.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::INQUIRE_ACTION]`  | string  | `inquire` API call endpoint.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::REFUND_ACTION]`  | string  | `refund` API call endpoint.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::RESPONSE_MAC_REQUIRED]`  | array  | MAC is checked by methods on response.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CREDIT_CARD_TEMPLATE_ENABLED]`  | bool  | Defines if a custom template is enabled for the Credit Card payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CREDIT_CARD_TX_TYPE]`  | string  | TX TYPE for the Credit Card payment method (empty string).  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_NOW_TX_TYPE]`  | string  | TX TYPE for the PayNow payment method (empty string).  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_PAL_TX_TYPE]`  | string  |  TX TYPE for the PayPal payment method (Auth). |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_PAL_EXPRESS_PAYPAL_METHOD]` | string | Using method for the PayPal Express payment method. |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAYMENT_METHODS_WITHOUT_ORDER_CALL]`  | array  | Payment methods without the order call.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::PAYMENT_METHODS_CAPTURE_TYPES]`  | array  | Mapping payment methods and their capture types: `MANUAL` or `AUTO`.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_ENABLED]`  | bool  | Defines if CRIF risk check is enabled.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::CRIF_ACTION]`  | string  | CRIF API call endpoint.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::CRIF_PRODUCT_NAME]`  | string  | `QuickCheckConsumer` or <br> `CreditCheckConsumer` or <br> `QuickCheckBusiness`  or  <br>`CreditCheckBusiness`  or <br>`IdentCheckConsume`.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::CRIF_LEGAL_FORM]`  | string  | `PERSON`, `COMPANY`, or `UNKNOWN`.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_GREEN_AVAILABLE_PAYMENT_METHODS]`  | array  | Payment methods available with a green response code.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_YELLOW_AVAILABLE_PAYMENT_METHODS] ` | array  | Payment methods available with a yellow response code.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_RED_AVAILABLE_PAYMENT_METHODS]`  | array  | Payment methods available with a red response code.  |

Commit message:

PBC PSP pt1 SEO Update
Changed meta description for pages within PBC Payment Service provider. also fixed the broken links on the install and configure adyen page.

docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/202410.0/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/install-and-configure-computop.md, after:

---
title: Installing and configuring Computop
description: Learn how you can install and configure Spryker Computop in to your Spryker Cloud Commerce OS Project.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: concept-topic-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/computop-installation-and-configuration
originalArticleId: 7d6fd0b4-0e5e-41ac-9788-0361d3252a58
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/technology-partner-guides/202200.0/payment-partners/computop/installing-and-configuring-computop.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/technology-partner-guides/202311.0/payment-partners/computop/installing-and-configuring-computop.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/202311.0/third-party-integrations/computop/install-and-configure-computop.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/technology-partner-guides/202204.0/payment-partners/computop/installing-and-configuring-computop.html
---

This topic describes how to integrate Computop into a Spryker project by installing and configuring the Computop module.

The [SprykerEco.Computop](https://github.com/spryker-eco/computop) bundle provides integration of the Computop industry partner with Spryker Commerce OS. It requires the [SprykerEco.ComputopApi](https://github.com/spryker-eco/computop-api) bundle that provides the REST Client for making API calls to the Computop Payment Provider.

The `SprykerEco.Computop` module includes the integrations:
* Checkout process—payment forms with all the necessary fields that are required to make payment requests, save order information and so on.
* OMS (Order Management System)—state machines, all necessary commands for making modification requests and conditions for changing order statuses accordingly.


The `SprykerEco.Computop` module provides the following payment methods:
* [Credit Card](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-credit-card-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [Direct Debit](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-direct-debit-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [EasyCredit](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-easy-credit-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [iDeal](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-ideal-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [Paydirekt](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-paydirekt-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [PayNow](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-paynow-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [PayPal](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-paypal-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* [SofortÜberweisung](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/computop/integrate-payment-methods-for-computop/integrate-the-sofort-payment-method-for-computop.html)
* PayU CEE Single
* PayPal Express

## Installation

Install the Computop module:

```bash
composer require spryker-eco/computop
```

To use PayPal Express, also install the Computop Shipment module:

```bash
composer require spryker-eco/computop-shipment
```

## Configuration

You can check all the necessary configurations in `vendor/spryker-eco/computop/config/config.dist.php`.

The following example shows the Computop module configuration:

<details>
<summary>config/Shared/config_default.php</summary>

```PHP
// Spryker security configuration
$config[KernelConstants::DOMAIN_WHITELIST] = [
	...
    'www.computop-paygate.com', // A trusted Computop domain, required for redirects to third-party services.
];
$config[SessionConstants::YVES_SESSION_COOKIE_SAMESITE] = Cookie::SAMESITE_NONE; // Allows to redirect customers from Computop back to the shop via a `POST` request. (https://developer.computop.com/display/EN/Third-party-cookies+-+Browser+cookies+and+session+handling)

// Credantials
$config[ComputopApiConstants::MERCHANT_ID] = 'Computop merchant identifier';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::BLOWFISH_PASSWORD] = 'Password for blowfish hashing';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::HMAC_PASSWORD] = 'Password for hmac hashing';
$config[ComputopConstants::IDEAL_ISSUER_ID] = 'IDeal issuer identifier';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAYDIREKT_SHOP_KEY] = 'Paydirekt shop key';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_PAL_CLIENT_ID] = 'Paypal Client ID';

// Init API call endpoints
$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_NOW_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/paynow.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::CREDIT_CARD_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/payssl.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAYPAL_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/paypal.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::DIRECT_DEBIT_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/paysdd.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::SOFORT_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/sofort.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAYDIREKT_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/paydirekt.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::IDEAL_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/ideal.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::EASY_CREDIT_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/easyCredit.aspx';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAYU_CEE_SINGLE_INIT_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/payu.aspx';

// Post order place API calls endpoints
$config[ComputopApiConstants::PAYPAL_EXPRESS_PREPARE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/ExternalServices/paypalorders.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::PAYPAL_EXPRESS_COMPLETE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/paypalComplete.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::EASY_CREDIT_STATUS_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/easyCreditDirect.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::EASY_CREDIT_AUTHORIZE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/easyCreditDirect.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::AUTHORIZE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/authorize.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::CAPTURE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/capture.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::REVERSE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/reverse.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::INQUIRE_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/inquire.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::REFUND_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/credit.aspx';

// Payment method specific configuration
$config[ComputopApiConstants::RESPONSE_MAC_REQUIRED] = [
    ComputopConfig::INIT_METHOD,
];
$config[ComputopConstants::CREDIT_CARD_TEMPLATE_ENABLED] = false;
$config[ComputopConstants::CREDIT_CARD_TX_TYPE] = '';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_NOW_TX_TYPE] = '';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_PAL_TX_TYPE] = ComputopConfig::TX_TYPE_AUTH;
$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_PAL_EXPRESS_PAYPAL_METHOD] = '';
$config[ComputopConstants::PAYMENT_METHODS_WITHOUT_ORDER_CALL] = [
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_SOFORT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAYDIREKT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_IDEAL,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_CREDIT_CARD,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_NOW,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL_EXPRESS,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_DIRECT_DEBIT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_EASY_CREDIT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAYU_CEE_SINGLE,
];
$config[ComputopApiConstants::PAYMENT_METHODS_CAPTURE_TYPES] = [
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAYDIREKT => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_CREDIT_CARD => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_NOW => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL_EXPRESS => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_DIRECT_DEBIT => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
    ComputopApiConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAYU_CEE_SINGLE => ComputopApiConfig::CAPTURE_TYPE_MANUAL,
];

// CRIF (formerly Deltavista) configuration
$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_ENABLED] = true;
$config[ComputopApiConstants::CRIF_ACTION] = 'https://www.computop-paygate.com/deltavista.aspx';
$config[ComputopApiConstants::CRIF_PRODUCT_NAME] = ComputopConfig::CRIF_PRODUCT_NAME_QUICK_CHECK_CONSUMER;
$config[ComputopApiConstants::CRIF_LEGAL_FORM] = ComputopConfig::CRIF_LEGAL_FORM_PERSON;
$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_GREEN_AVAILABLE_PAYMENT_METHODS] = [
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_SOFORT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAYDIREKT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_IDEAL,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_CREDIT_CARD,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_NOW,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL_EXPRESS,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_DIRECT_DEBIT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_EASY_CREDIT,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAYU_CEE_SINGLE,
];
$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_YELLOW_AVAILABLE_PAYMENT_METHODS] = [
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_CREDIT_CARD,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_NOW,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_PAY_PAL_EXPRESS,
];
$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_RED_AVAILABLE_PAYMENT_METHODS] = [
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_CREDIT_CARD,
    ComputopConfig::PAYMENT_METHOD_EASY_CREDIT,
];
$config[ComputopShipmentConstants::PAYPAL_EXPRESS_DEFAULT_SHIPMENT_METHOD_KEY] = 'spryker_dummy_shipment-standard';
```

</details>

| CONFIGURATION KEY | TYPE | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::MERCHANT_ID]` | string | Computop merchant identifier. |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::BLOWFISH_PASSWORD]` | string | Password for Blowfish hashing. |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::HMAC_PASSWORD]` | string | Password for HMAC hashing. |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAYDIREKT_SHOP_KEY]` | string | Shop key for the Paydirect payment method. |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::IDEAL_ISSUER_ID]`  | string  | Issuer ID for the Ideal payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_PAL_CLIENT_ID]`  | string  | PayPal Client ID for the PayPal Express payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_NOW_INIT_ACTION]`  | string  | `init` API call endpoint for the PayNow payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CREDIT_CARD_INIT_ACTION]`  |string | `init` API call endpoint for the Credit Card payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAYPAL_INIT_ACTION]`  | string  | `init` API call endpoint for the PayPal payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::DIRECT_DEBIT_INIT_ACTION]`  | string  | `init` API call endpoint for the Direct Debit payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::SOFORT_INIT_ACTION]`  | string  | `init` API call endpoint for the Sofort payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAYDIREKT_INIT_ACTION]`  |string   | `init` API call endpoint for the Paydirect payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::IDEAL_INIT_ACTION]`  | string  | `init` API call endpoint for the Ideal payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::EASY_CREDIT_INIT_ACTION]`  | string  | `init` API call endpoint for the Easy Credit payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAYU_CEE_SINGLE_INIT_ACTION]` | string | `init` API call endpoint for the PayU CEE Single payment method. |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::PAYPAL_EXPRESS_PREPARE_ACTION]` | string | `prepare` API call endpoint for the PayPal Express payment method. |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::PAYPAL_EXPRESS_COMPLETE_ACTION]` | string | `complete` API call endpoint for the PayPal Express payment method. |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::EASY_CREDIT_STATUS_ACTION]`  | string  | `status` API call endpoint for the Easy Credit payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::EASY_CREDIT_AUTHORIZE_ACTION]` | string  | `authorize` API call endpoint for the Easy Credit payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::AUTHORIZE_ACTION]`  | string  | `authorize` API call endpoint.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::CAPTURE_ACTION]`  | string  | `capture` API call endpoint.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::REVERSE_ACTION]`  | string  | `reserve` API call endpoint.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::INQUIRE_ACTION]`  | string  | `inquire` API call endpoint.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::REFUND_ACTION]`  | string  | `refund` API call endpoint.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::RESPONSE_MAC_REQUIRED]`  | array  | MAC is checked by methods on response.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CREDIT_CARD_TEMPLATE_ENABLED]`  | bool  | Defines if a custom template is enabled for the Credit Card payment method.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CREDIT_CARD_TX_TYPE]`  | string  | TX TYPE for the Credit Card payment method (empty string).  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_NOW_TX_TYPE]`  | string  | TX TYPE for the PayNow payment method (empty string).  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_PAL_TX_TYPE]`  | string  |  TX TYPE for the PayPal payment method (Auth). |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAY_PAL_EXPRESS_PAYPAL_METHOD]` | string | Using method for the PayPal Express payment method. |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::PAYMENT_METHODS_WITHOUT_ORDER_CALL]`  | array  | Payment methods without the order call.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::PAYMENT_METHODS_CAPTURE_TYPES]`  | array  | Mapping payment methods and their capture types: `MANUAL` or `AUTO`.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_ENABLED]`  | bool  | Defines if CRIF risk check is enabled.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::CRIF_ACTION]`  | string  | CRIF API call endpoint.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::CRIF_PRODUCT_NAME]`  | string  | `QuickCheckConsumer` or <br> `CreditCheckConsumer` or <br> `QuickCheckBusiness`  or  <br>`CreditCheckBusiness`  or <br>`IdentCheckConsume`.  |
| `$config[ComputopApiConstants::CRIF_LEGAL_FORM]`  | string  | `PERSON`, `COMPANY`, or `UNKNOWN`.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_GREEN_AVAILABLE_PAYMENT_METHODS]`  | array  | Payment methods available with a green response code.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_YELLOW_AVAILABLE_PAYMENT_METHODS] ` | array  | Payment methods available with a yellow response code.  |
| `$config[ComputopConstants::CRIF_RED_AVAILABLE_PAYMENT_METHODS]`  | array  | Payment methods available with a red response code.  |
