---
title: Security Release Notes 202001.0
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/security-release-notes-202001
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/security-release-notes-202001
  - /2021080/docs/en/security-release-notes-202001
---

The following information pertains to security-related issues that have been recently resolved. Issues are listed by description and affected modules.

{% info_block infoBox %}
If you need any additional support with this content, please contact [support@spryker.com](mailto:support@spryker.com
{% endinfo_block %}. If you found a new security vulnerability, please inform us via  [security@spryker.com](mailto:security@spryker.com).)

## Enhanced Regular Expressions to be Stricter
Regular expressions are used to restrict the set of allowed values. However, some regular expressions are missing boundary characters (^ or $) or use wildcards (.*) that potentially allow bypassing this filter. 

To improve that:
* `RequestServiceProvider::parseCliRequestData()` had been adjusted to make the regular expression validating CLI arguments stricter.
* `ViewController::getImageUrl()` and  `AbstractProductFormDataProvider::getImageUrl()` methods were modified to have the regular expression check stricter that the URL is a correct image path.
* Similar regular expression hardening was done for `EntityDefinitionNormalizer::getTransferType()`.

**Affected modules:**
* Application (3.21.0)
* ProductManagement (0.19.1)
* Transfer  (3.19.0)

**How to get the fix:** 
Just update the modules with `composer update spryker/application spryker/product-management spryker/transfer`.

## Changing Password led to Infinite Loop When “Agent Assist” Feature was Deactivated 
This issue might have happened when modifying  `YvesBootstrap` in the code base and deactivating the security provider of the Agent Assist feature by commenting out or removing a line with the following code:
`$this->application->register(new AgentPageSecurityServiceProvider()); # AgentFeature`

If, after that, one went to the **My Profile** page and tried to change the password, an infinite loop between `/login` and `/customer/overview` occurred, preventing further authorization process.

To fix this behavior, the `ProfileController::processPasswordUpdate()` controller method was adjusted, and now after changing the password the customer is re-authenticated using the new one.

**Affected modules:**
* `CustomerPage`  (2.5.1) 

**How to get the fix:** 
Just update modules with composer update `spryker/customer-page`. 

## No Altering of the Database Through the GET HTTP Method Requests
The `StateMachine` module exposes a set of controller actions allowing to trigger state machine events from Zed interface. Those actions trigger changes to the database, which usually should not happen when a GET HTTP method is invoked.

In this release, we have fixed this behavior by requiring the POST method. To make this possible, new controllers `TriggerController::submitTriggerEventAction()` and `TriggerController::submitTriggerEventItemAction()` in  the `StateMachine` module have been introduced. At the same time, old controllers have been deprecated. Also, deprecated controllers from `Oms` have been removed.

**Affected modules:**
* Oms  (11.0.1)
* StateMachine  (2.7.0)

**How to get the fix:** 
* Update the modules with `composer update spryker/oms spryker/state-machine`.
* In case if you have custom state machines in your project which are implemented based on `ExampleStateMachine`, make sure that you use correct endpoints such as `/state-machine/render-form/event-item` and `/state-machine/render-form/event` in your StateMachine’s twig files. 

For example, in `src/Pyz/Zed/ExampleStateMachine/Presentation/Test/list.twig 
render(controller('/state-machine/render-form/event-item', {__your custom args here__ })){% raw %}}}{% endraw %}`.

* Consider external integrations if these endpoints have been exposed to integrations with external systems.

## VAULT: Increased Entropy of Initialization Vector in AES
Previously, the length for generating cryptographically secure pseudo-random bytes in the `StringGenerator::generateRandomString()` method was cut by half. That reduced entropy of the generated byte sequence by factor 2. In addition, the hexadecimal representation was used to set up IV.

From now on, the binary representation of pseudo-random bytes is used to initialize IV. Besides, the length truncation was removed, and the exact number of bytes required by the encryption algorithm are generated.

To make this possible, the `UtilEncryptionService::generateByteStringOpenSslEncryptInitVector()` service method has been introduced to generate a random byte vector for the provided OpenSSL encryption algorithm as well as the `UtilTextService::generateRandomByteString()` service method that generates a random byte string of the required length. Also, `VaultConfig::useByteStringForEncryptionInitializationVector()` has been created to switch between strategies of generating the initialization vector used for encrypting.

**Affected modules:**
* UtilEncryption  (1.1.0) 
* UtilText (1.3.0)
* Vault (1.2.0)

**How to get the fix:** 
* Update the modules with `composer update spryker/util-encryption spryker/util-text spryker/vault`.
* Extend `Spryker\Zed\Vault\VaultConfig\VaultConfig` on a project level and redefine constant  `VaultConfig::USE_BYTE_STRING_FOR_ENCRYPTION_INITIALIZATION_VECTOR = true`.

## HTML Tags in Product Attribute Values Will be Encoded After Saving
Previously, when there were products having HTML tags in the attribute values (`<p>some html text</p>`), and you tried to edit these values in Zed interface, the entities were double-encoded, and their values sometimes became non-renderable in Yves. Even though the value was not modified by the administrator. However, saving unmodified values should keep their values unchanged, so HTML tags should not be double-encoded, and at the same time, XSS protection must work. 

To fix the wrong behavior, the `ProductAttributeFacade::saveConcreteAttributes()` and `ProductAttributeFacade::saveAbstractAttributes()` facade methods have been adjusted so they sanitize strings from XSS injections but leave the markup elements unchanged.

**Affected modules:**
* ProductAttribute (1.4.0)

**How to get the fix:** 
* Just update the modules with `composer update spryker/product-attribute`.
* In case of the rare HTML value in attributes, double-check that those are handled as expected by the new sanitizing tools.

## X-Internal-Request Header Processing Removed
Previously, it was possible to control authentication in RPC calls between Yves and Zed via configuration, which allowed increasing performance by authorizing through a special header. This functionality is discontinued, and authorization can only be controlled via `AuthConstants::AUTH_DEFAULT_CREDENTIALS`.

To solve the issue `HttpClient::getHeaders()` has been adjusted in order to set the `Auth` header for every request. Also, several service provider stacks such as `ApplicationDependencyProvider::getInternalCallServiceProvider()` and `ApplicationDependencyProvider::getInternalCallServiceProvidersWithAuthentication()` were deprecated, as well as constants `AuthConstants::AUTH_ZED_ENABLED` and `ZedRequestConstants::AUTH_ZED_ENABLED`.

**Affected modules:**
* Application (3.20.0) 
* Auth  (3.4.0) 
* ZedRequest (3.9.0) 

**How to get the fix:** 
* Just update the modules with `composer update spryker/application spryker/auth spryker/zed-request`
* It’s not related to the fix itself, but to clean up deprecated constants, do the following: 
    * Remove usage of `AuthConstants::AUTH_ZED_ENABLED` and `ZedRequestConstants::AUTH_ZED_ENABLED` in `config/Shared/config_default.php` (and other config files if applicable). 
    * `Pyz\Zed\Application\Communication\ZedBootstrap::isAuthenticationEnabled()` can also be removed.

## Possible Vulnerabilities in 3-rd Party Dependencies
Package Dot of v1.1.2 is known to have a vulnerability. Moreover, this dependency was defined, however, not used directly, but through the forked jQuery QueryBuilder.

To solve the problem, we removed vulnerable v1.1.2 Dot dependency from the `Discount` and `ProductRelation` modules and added the dependency ^1.1.3 to jQuery QueryBuilder.

**Affected modules:**
* Discount (9.7.2) 
* ProductRelation  (2.4.1) 

**How to get the fix:**
* Just update the modules with `composer update spryker/discount spryker/product-relation`.
