docs/about/all/supported-browsers.md, before:

---
title: Supported browsers
description: This document lists browsers supported by Spryker Commerce OS.
last_updated: Jun 8, 2022
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/installing-spryker-with-development-virtual-machine/scos-supported-browsers.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/system-requirements/202212.0/scos-supported-browsers.html
  - /docs/marketplace/dev/setup/202307.0/marketplace-supported-browsers.html
  - /docs/marketplace/dev/setup/202212.0/marketplace-supported-browsers.html
  - /docs/marketplace/dev/setup/202204.0/marketplace-supported-browsers.html
  - /docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/supported-browsers.html

---
Spryker Cloud Commerce OS supports the following browsers.

## Base shop supported browsers

[B2B suite](/docs/about/all/b2b-suite.html), [B2C suite](/docs/about/all/b2c-suite.html), and [Master suite](/docs/about/all/master-suite.html) support the following browsers:

| DESKTOP: BACK OFFICE AND STOREFRONT | MOBILE: STOREFRONT | TABLET: STOREFRONT |
| --- | --- | --- |
| *Browsers*: <ul><li> Windows, macOS: Chrome (latest version)</li> <li>Windows: Firefox (latest version)</li><li>Windows: Edge (latest version)</li><li>macOS: Safari (latest version)</li></ul> *Windows versions*:<ul><li>Windows 10</li><li>Windows 7</li></ul>*macOS versions*:<ul><li> Catalina 10 or later</li></ul>*Screen resolutions*:<ul><li>1024-1920 width</li></ul>|*Browsers*: <ul><li>iOS: Safari</li><li>Android: Chrome</li></ul>*Screen resolutions*:<ul><li>360x640—for example, Samsung Galaxy S8 or S9</li><li>375x667—for example, iPhone 7 or 8</li><li>iPhone X, Xs, Xr</li></ul>*Android versions*:<ul><li>8.0</li></ul>*iOS versions*:<ul><li>iOS 13 or later</li></ul> | *Browsers*: <ul><li>iOS: Safari</li><li>Android: Chrome</li></ul>*iOS versions*:<ul><li>iOS 13</li></ul>*Screen resolutions*:<ul><li>1024x703—for example, iPad Air</li></ul>|


## Marketplace supported browsers

[Marketplace B2C suite](/docs/about/all/spryker-marketplace/marketplace-b2c-suite.html) and [Marketplace B2B suite](/docs/about/all/spryker-marketplace/marketplace-b2b-suite.html) suite support the following browsers:

| DESKTOP (MARKETPLACE AND MERCHANT PORTAL) | MOBILE (MARKETPLACE ONLY) | TABLET (MARKETPLACE AND MERCHANT PORTAL) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| *Browsers*: <ul><li> Windows, macOS: Chrome (latest version)</li> <li>Windows: Firefox (latest version)</li><li>Windows: Edge (latest version)</li><li>macOS: Safari (latest version)</li></ul> *Windows versions*:<ul><li>Windows 10</li><li>Windows 7</li></ul>*macOS versions*:<ul><li> Catalina 10 or later</li></ul>*Screen resolutions*:<ul><li>1024-1920 width</li></ul> | *Browsers*: <ul><li>iOS: Safari</li><li>Android: Chrome</li></ul>*Screen resolutions*:<ul><li>360x640—for example, Samsung Galaxy S8 or S9)</li><li>375x667—for example, iPhone 7 or 8</li><li>iPhone X, Xs, Xr</li></ul>*Android versions*:<ul><li>8.0</li></ul>*iOS versions*:<ul><li>iOS 13 or later</li></ul> | *Browsers*: <ul><li>iOS: Safari</li><li>Android: Chrome</li></ul>*iOS versions*:<ul><li>iOS 13</li></ul>*Screen resolutions*:<ul><li>1024x703—for example, iPad Air</li></ul> |

Commit message:

Spryker About All high level Pages SEO
Changed the following pages for small SEO update.

- About-Spyker: Meta Description & Canonical Links
- Master-Suite: Meta Description
- Supported Browsers: Meta Description

docs/about/all/supported-browsers.md, after:

---
title: Supported browsers
description: A list of browsers that the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS and Spryker Marketplace support for desktop, tablet and mobile.
last_updated: Jun 8, 2022
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/installing-spryker-with-development-virtual-machine/scos-supported-browsers.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/system-requirements/202212.0/scos-supported-browsers.html
  - /docs/marketplace/dev/setup/202307.0/marketplace-supported-browsers.html
  - /docs/marketplace/dev/setup/202212.0/marketplace-supported-browsers.html
  - /docs/marketplace/dev/setup/202204.0/marketplace-supported-browsers.html
  - /docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/supported-browsers.html

---
Spryker Cloud Commerce OS supports the following browsers.

## Base shop supported browsers

[B2B suite](/docs/about/all/b2b-suite.html), [B2C suite](/docs/about/all/b2c-suite.html), and [Master suite](/docs/about/all/master-suite.html) support the following browsers:

| DESKTOP: BACK OFFICE AND STOREFRONT | MOBILE: STOREFRONT | TABLET: STOREFRONT |
| --- | --- | --- |
| *Browsers*: <ul><li> Windows, macOS: Chrome (latest version)</li> <li>Windows: Firefox (latest version)</li><li>Windows: Edge (latest version)</li><li>macOS: Safari (latest version)</li></ul> *Windows versions*:<ul><li>Windows 10</li><li>Windows 7</li></ul>*macOS versions*:<ul><li> Catalina 10 or later</li></ul>*Screen resolutions*:<ul><li>1024-1920 width</li></ul>|*Browsers*: <ul><li>iOS: Safari</li><li>Android: Chrome</li></ul>*Screen resolutions*:<ul><li>360x640—for example, Samsung Galaxy S8 or S9</li><li>375x667—for example, iPhone 7 or 8</li><li>iPhone X, Xs, Xr</li></ul>*Android versions*:<ul><li>8.0</li></ul>*iOS versions*:<ul><li>iOS 13 or later</li></ul> | *Browsers*: <ul><li>iOS: Safari</li><li>Android: Chrome</li></ul>*iOS versions*:<ul><li>iOS 13</li></ul>*Screen resolutions*:<ul><li>1024x703—for example, iPad Air</li></ul>|


## Marketplace supported browsers

[Marketplace B2C suite](/docs/about/all/spryker-marketplace/marketplace-b2c-suite.html) and [Marketplace B2B suite](/docs/about/all/spryker-marketplace/marketplace-b2b-suite.html) suite support the following browsers:

| DESKTOP (MARKETPLACE AND MERCHANT PORTAL) | MOBILE (MARKETPLACE ONLY) | TABLET (MARKETPLACE AND MERCHANT PORTAL) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| *Browsers*: <ul><li> Windows, macOS: Chrome (latest version)</li> <li>Windows: Firefox (latest version)</li><li>Windows: Edge (latest version)</li><li>macOS: Safari (latest version)</li></ul> *Windows versions*:<ul><li>Windows 10</li><li>Windows 7</li></ul>*macOS versions*:<ul><li> Catalina 10 or later</li></ul>*Screen resolutions*:<ul><li>1024-1920 width</li></ul> | *Browsers*: <ul><li>iOS: Safari</li><li>Android: Chrome</li></ul>*Screen resolutions*:<ul><li>360x640—for example, Samsung Galaxy S8 or S9)</li><li>375x667—for example, iPhone 7 or 8</li><li>iPhone X, Xs, Xr</li></ul>*Android versions*:<ul><li>8.0</li></ul>*iOS versions*:<ul><li>iOS 13 or later</li></ul> | *Browsers*: <ul><li>iOS: Safari</li><li>Android: Chrome</li></ul>*iOS versions*:<ul><li>iOS 13</li></ul>*Screen resolutions*:<ul><li>1024x703—for example, iPad Air</li></ul> |
