docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.md, before:

---
title: Upgrade the OMS module
description: Use the guide to upgrade the Oms module to the new version.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-oms
originalArticleId: 1f2d5a9b-1907-4cb4-bf1f-1867cc835dcd
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-oms
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /docs/mg-oms
  - /docs/en/mg-oms
  - /v1/docs/mg-oms
  - /v1/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /v2/docs/mg-oms
  - /v2/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /v3/docs/mg-oms
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /v4/docs/mg-oms
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /v5/docs/mg-oms
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /v6/docs/mg-oms
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /module_migration_guides/mg-oms.htm
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202311.0/base-shop/install-and-update/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC OMS pt1 SEO Update
part 1 of meta description updates with the order management system:
- base shop > datapayload conversion > multi-language
- base shop > datapayload conversion > state machine console commands
- base shop > datapayload conversion > step engine > step engine workflow overview
- base shop > display custon names for order items states on the storefront
- base shop > glue api retrieve orders
- base shop > domain model and relationships > custom order reference module relations
- base shop > import and export data > import and export order management system data
- base shop > import and export data >  orders data export > export file details order expenses csv
- base shop > import and export data >  orders data export > export file details order items csv
- base shop > import and export data >  orders data export > export file details orders csv
- base shop > import and export data >  install features > install the reclamations feature
- base shop > import and export data >  install features > install the sales data export feature
- base shop > import and export data >  install features > install the splittable order items feature
- base shop > import and export data >  install glue api > install the checkout glue api
- base shop > import and export data >  install glue api > install the order management glue api
- base shop > import and export data >  install glue api > install the shipment glue api
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the order rest api module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the oms module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the sales module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the sales quantity module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the sales split module

docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.md, after:

---
title: Upgrade the OMS module
description: Use the guide to upgrade to a newer version of the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS Order Management System module from an older version.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-oms
originalArticleId: 1f2d5a9b-1907-4cb4-bf1f-1867cc835dcd
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-oms
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /docs/mg-oms
  - /docs/en/mg-oms
  - /v1/docs/mg-oms
  - /v1/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /v2/docs/mg-oms
  - /v2/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /v3/docs/mg-oms
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /v4/docs/mg-oms
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /v5/docs/mg-oms
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /v6/docs/mg-oms
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-oms
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /module_migration_guides/mg-oms.htm
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-oms.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202311.0/base-shop/install-and-update/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-oms-module.md -->
