docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-sales-data-export-feature.md, before:

---
title: Install the Sales Data Export feature
description: Integrate the Sales Data Export feature into your project.
last_updated: May 10, 2024
template: feature-integration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/sales-data-export-feature-integration
originalArticleId: a32fcb26-bdba-4f01-a494-6c7939236e9b
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/sales-data-export-feature-integration
  - /2021080/docs/en/sales-data-export-feature-integration
  - /docs/sales-data-export-feature-integration
  - /docs/en/sales-data-export-feature-integration
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202311.0/sales-data-export-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202311.0/base-shop/install-and-update/install-features/install-the-sales-data-export-feature.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202204.0/sales-data-export-feature-integration.html
related:
  - title: Data export
    link: docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/page.version/base-shop/import-and-export-data/orders-data-export/orders-data-export.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-the-sales-data-export-feature.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202410.0/install-the-sales-data-export-feature.md -->

Commit message:

PBC OMS pt1 SEO Update
part 1 of meta description updates with the order management system:
- base shop > datapayload conversion > multi-language
- base shop > datapayload conversion > state machine console commands
- base shop > datapayload conversion > step engine > step engine workflow overview
- base shop > display custon names for order items states on the storefront
- base shop > glue api retrieve orders
- base shop > domain model and relationships > custom order reference module relations
- base shop > import and export data > import and export order management system data
- base shop > import and export data >  orders data export > export file details order expenses csv
- base shop > import and export data >  orders data export > export file details order items csv
- base shop > import and export data >  orders data export > export file details orders csv
- base shop > import and export data >  install features > install the reclamations feature
- base shop > import and export data >  install features > install the sales data export feature
- base shop > import and export data >  install features > install the splittable order items feature
- base shop > import and export data >  install glue api > install the checkout glue api
- base shop > import and export data >  install glue api > install the order management glue api
- base shop > import and export data >  install glue api > install the shipment glue api
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the order rest api module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the oms module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the sales module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the sales quantity module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the sales split module

docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-sales-data-export-feature.md, after:

---
title: Install the Sales Data Export feature
description: Learn with Order Management system how to Integrate the Sales Data Export feature into your Spryker project.
last_updated: May 10, 2024
template: feature-integration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/sales-data-export-feature-integration
originalArticleId: a32fcb26-bdba-4f01-a494-6c7939236e9b
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/sales-data-export-feature-integration
  - /2021080/docs/en/sales-data-export-feature-integration
  - /docs/sales-data-export-feature-integration
  - /docs/en/sales-data-export-feature-integration
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202311.0/sales-data-export-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202311.0/base-shop/install-and-update/install-features/install-the-sales-data-export-feature.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202204.0/sales-data-export-feature-integration.html
related:
  - title: Data export
    link: docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/page.version/base-shop/import-and-export-data/orders-data-export/orders-data-export.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-the-sales-data-export-feature.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202410.0/install-the-sales-data-export-feature.md -->
