docs/pbc/all/miscellaneous/202410.0/third-party-integrations/customer-service/live-chat-service.md, before:

---
title: Live Chat Service
description: Ensure that live chat helps their customers with new leads and
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: concept-topic-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/live-chat-service
originalArticleId: c8b0f94f-7551-4dfc-9b6e-f7d45d6f55bc
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/user/technology-partners/202200.0/customer-service/live-chat-service.html
---

## Partner Information

[ABOUT LIVECHAT SERVICE](https://conversation24.de/)

We are the plus for your company

LiveChat Service is an online service provider in the field of live chat. Through trained chat
operators, LiveChat Service ensures that they help their customers with new leads and
improved service through the website every day. The chat gives visitors the opportunity to
ask questions, leave comments and convert. This removes the barrier for chatters to leave
their data behind. It works faster, friendlier and easier.

YOUR ADVANTAGES:

* Outsourcing chat to LiveChat Service.
  - More sales: increasing conversion by answering questions of website visitors
real time.
  - More service: live chat is an approachable contact channel that you can use
from 07:00 - 23:00 during the week and from 09:00 - 23:00 during weekends.
  - More leads: on average we generate up to 20-25% of the chats into leads.
  - Less phone calls: by answering questions on the website, we’re reducing
incoming calls.

* LiveChat Software (Knowler).
  - For companies that wish to chat with their own employees we offer reliable
and innovative chat software.
  - Available in 6 languages, including support.
  - The software allows chat operators to chat efficiently and effective.

* Hybrid chat
  - We offer hybrid chat, because we can provide clients with both chat services and chat software. This allows companies to chat by themselves but forward chats to our service when they are too busy and/or we chat for them outside office hours.

---

## Copyright and Disclaimer

See [Disclaimer](https://github.com/spryker/spryker-documentation).

---
For further information on this partner and integration into Spryker, please contact us.

<div class="hubspot-form js-hubspot-form" data-portal-id="2770802" data-form-id="163e11fb-e833-4638-86ae-a2ca4b929a41" id="hubspot-1"></div>

Commit message:

PBC Misc SEO Update
Changed the following pages for Meta description following an SEO update;
- import and export data > import file details glossary csv
- Install and upgrade > Install features > install the push notification feature
- Install and upgrade > Install features >  install the spryker core feature
- Install and upgrade > Install glue api > install the spryker core glue api
- Install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the api module
- Install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the quote module
- Install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the setup module
- Install and upgrade > manage in the back office > add translations
- Install and upgrade > manage in the back office > edit translations
- Install and upgrade > manage in the back office > manage translations in the back office
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > glue api add push notification subscriptions
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > manage push notification providers > glue api add push notification providers
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > manage push notification providers > glue api delete push notification providers
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > manage push notification providers > glue api retrieve push notification providers

docs/pbc/all/miscellaneous/202410.0/third-party-integrations/customer-service/live-chat-service.md, after:

---
title: Live Chat Service
description: Learn about improving service and helping customers with Spryker Partner Live Chat a perfect combination for your Spryker projects.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: concept-topic-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/live-chat-service
originalArticleId: c8b0f94f-7551-4dfc-9b6e-f7d45d6f55bc
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/user/technology-partners/202200.0/customer-service/live-chat-service.html
---

## Partner Information

[ABOUT LIVECHAT SERVICE](https://conversation24.de/)

We are the plus for your company

LiveChat Service is an online service provider in the field of live chat. Through trained chat
operators, LiveChat Service ensures that they help their customers with new leads and
improved service through the website every day. The chat gives visitors the opportunity to
ask questions, leave comments and convert. This removes the barrier for chatters to leave
their data behind. It works faster, friendlier and easier.

YOUR ADVANTAGES:

* Outsourcing chat to LiveChat Service.
  - More sales: increasing conversion by answering questions of website visitors
real time.
  - More service: live chat is an approachable contact channel that you can use
from 07:00 - 23:00 during the week and from 09:00 - 23:00 during weekends.
  - More leads: on average we generate up to 20-25% of the chats into leads.
  - Less phone calls: by answering questions on the website, we’re reducing
incoming calls.

* LiveChat Software (Knowler).
  - For companies that wish to chat with their own employees we offer reliable
and innovative chat software.
  - Available in 6 languages, including support.
  - The software allows chat operators to chat efficiently and effective.

* Hybrid chat
  - We offer hybrid chat, because we can provide clients with both chat services and chat software. This allows companies to chat by themselves but forward chats to our service when they are too busy and/or we chat for them outside office hours.

---

## Copyright and Disclaimer

See [Disclaimer](https://github.com/spryker/spryker-documentation).

---
For further information on this partner and integration into Spryker, please contact us.

<div class="hubspot-form js-hubspot-form" data-portal-id="2770802" data-form-id="163e11fb-e833-4638-86ae-a2ca4b929a41" id="hubspot-1"></div>
