docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-checkoutrestapi-module.md, before:

---
title: Upgrade the CheckoutRestApi module
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-checkoutrestapi
originalArticleId: 0a30ad48-d4c1-4d82-8958-980065e9358b
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /docs/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /docs/en/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /v4/docs/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /v5/docs/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /v6/docs/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/glue-api/migration-guide-checkoutrestapi.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/glue-api/migration-guide-checkoutrestapi.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/glue-api/migration-guide-checkoutrestapi.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/glue-api/migration-guide-checkoutrestapi.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202311.0/glue-api/migration-guide-checkoutrestapi.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202311.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-checkoutrestapi-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-checkoutrestapi-module.html
related:
  - title: Upgrade the Payment module
    link: docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-payment-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-glue-api-modules/upgrade-the-checkoutrestapi-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-glue-api-modules/upgrade-the-checkoutrestapi-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC cart and checkout install and upgrade SEO update
Changed the meta description for the following pages for an SEO update.

- install features > install the cart agent assist feature
- install features > install the cart feature dynamic multistore
- install features > install the cart notes feature
- install features > install the cart product bundles feature
- install features > install the cart product feature
- install features > install the cart shipment feature
- install features > install the checkout feature
- install features > install the checkout quotation process feature
- install features > install the checkout workflow feature
- install features > install the comments merchant b2b contract requests feature
- install features > install the comments merchant b2b contracts feature
- install features > install the comments spryker core back office feature
- install features > install the multiple carts quotation process feature
- install features > install the quick add to cart feature
- install features > install the quick add to cart non splittable products feature
- install features > install the quick add to cart shopping lists feature
- install features > install the resource sharing feature
- install features >  install the shared carts feature
- install features > install the uuid generation console feature
- install glue api > install the cart glue api
- install glue api > install the checkout glue api
- install glue api > install the shared carts glue apie
- upgrade modules > upgrade the cart module
- upgrade modules > upgrade the cartrestapi module
- upgrade modules > upgrade the cartvariant module
  - upgrade modules >  upgrade the checkout page module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the checkout rest api module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the multicartpage module
- upgrade modules > upgrade the persistent cart module
- upgrade modules > upgrade the quickorder module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the quickorder page module

docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-checkoutrestapi-module.md, after:

---
title: Upgrade the CheckoutRestApi module
description: Use the guide to upgrade to a new version of the Spryker Checkout rest API module.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-checkoutrestapi
originalArticleId: 0a30ad48-d4c1-4d82-8958-980065e9358b
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /docs/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /docs/en/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /v4/docs/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /v5/docs/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /v6/docs/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-checkoutrestapi
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/glue-api/migration-guide-checkoutrestapi.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/glue-api/migration-guide-checkoutrestapi.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/glue-api/migration-guide-checkoutrestapi.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/glue-api/migration-guide-checkoutrestapi.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202311.0/glue-api/migration-guide-checkoutrestapi.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202311.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-checkoutrestapi-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-checkoutrestapi-module.html
related:
  - title: Upgrade the Payment module
    link: docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-payment-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-glue-api-modules/upgrade-the-checkoutrestapi-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-glue-api-modules/upgrade-the-checkoutrestapi-module.md -->
