docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quickorder-module.md, before:

---
title: Migration guide - QuickOrder
description: Use the guide to learn how to update the QuickOrder module.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-quick-order
originalArticleId: 96f6b931-8148-4cd6-ac56-e51271fd04f7
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /docs/mg-quick-order
  - /docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /v1/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /v1/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /v2/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /v2/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /v3/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /v4/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /v5/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /v6/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quickorder-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quickorder-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quickorder-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC cart and checkout install and upgrade SEO update
Changed the meta description for the following pages for an SEO update.

- install features > install the cart agent assist feature
- install features > install the cart feature dynamic multistore
- install features > install the cart notes feature
- install features > install the cart product bundles feature
- install features > install the cart product feature
- install features > install the cart shipment feature
- install features > install the checkout feature
- install features > install the checkout quotation process feature
- install features > install the checkout workflow feature
- install features > install the comments merchant b2b contract requests feature
- install features > install the comments merchant b2b contracts feature
- install features > install the comments spryker core back office feature
- install features > install the multiple carts quotation process feature
- install features > install the quick add to cart feature
- install features > install the quick add to cart non splittable products feature
- install features > install the quick add to cart shopping lists feature
- install features > install the resource sharing feature
- install features >  install the shared carts feature
- install features > install the uuid generation console feature
- install glue api > install the cart glue api
- install glue api > install the checkout glue api
- install glue api > install the shared carts glue apie
- upgrade modules > upgrade the cart module
- upgrade modules > upgrade the cartrestapi module
- upgrade modules > upgrade the cartvariant module
  - upgrade modules >  upgrade the checkout page module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the checkout rest api module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the multicartpage module
- upgrade modules > upgrade the persistent cart module
- upgrade modules > upgrade the quickorder module
- upgrade modules >  upgrade the quickorder page module

docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quickorder-module.md, after:

---
title: Migration guide - QuickOrder
description: Use the guide and learn how to migrate and upgrade the Spryker QuickOrder module to a newer version.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-quick-order
originalArticleId: 96f6b931-8148-4cd6-ac56-e51271fd04f7
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /docs/mg-quick-order
  - /docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /v1/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /v1/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /v2/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /v2/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /v3/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /v4/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /v5/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /v6/docs/mg-quick-order
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-quick-order
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-quickorder.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quickorder-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quickorder-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quickorder-module.md -->
