docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-from-tslint-to-eslint.md, before:

---
title: Migrate from TSLint to ESLint
description: Use this guide to migrate the project from TSLint to ESLint.
last_updated: Mar 24, 2023
template: module-migration-guide-template
redirect_from:
-  /docs/scos/dev/front-end-development/migration-guide-switch-from-tslint-to-eslint.html
- /docs/scos/dev/front-end-development/202311.0/migration-guide-switch-from-tslint-to-eslint.html

---

This document provides instructions for migrating from TSLint to ESLint in your Spryker project.

TSLint support was discontinued as of December 1, 2020. The solution is migration to ESLint as the default linter for TypeScript and JavaScript.

*Estimated migration time: 1h*

## 1) Update dependencies

1. In `package.json`, do the following:
    1. Add or update the following dependencies to the new version:

      ```json
      {
          "@spryker/frontend-config.eslint": "~0.1.0",
          "@typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin": "~5.54.0",
          "@typescript-eslint/parser": "~5.54.0",
          "eslint": "~8.35.0",
          "eslint-plugin-deprecation": "~1.4.0",
          "prettier": "~2.8.4"
      }
      ```

    2. Remove the following dependencies:

        ```json
        {
            "@spryker/frontend-config.tslint": "x.x.x",
            "tslint": "x.x.x",
            "typescript-eslint-parser": "x.x.x"
        }
        ```

    3. Update the following commands:

        ```json
        {
            "yves:tslint": "node ./frontend/libs/tslint",
            "yves:tslint:fix": "node ./frontend/libs/tslint --fix"
        }
        ```

        It must be as follows:

        ```json
        {
            "yves:lint": "eslint --no-error-on-unmatched-pattern ./src/Pyz/Yves/**/Theme/**/*.{js,ts}",
            "yves:lint:fix": "eslint --no-error-on-unmatched-pattern --fix ./src/Pyz/Yves/**/Theme/**/*.{js,ts}"
        }
        ```

2. Update and install package dependencies:

```bash
rm -rf node_modules
npm install
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

Ensure that the `package-lock.json` file and the `node_modules` folder have been updated.

{% endinfo_block %}

## 2) Create or update configuration files

1. Create the `.eslintrc.json` file:
    * For SCOS demo shops, use this:
    ```json
    {
        "root": true,
        "extends": ["./node_modules/@spryker/frontend-config.eslint/.eslintrc.js", "plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended"],
        "parser": "@typescript-eslint/parser",
        "parserOptions": {
            "ecmaVersion": 2020,
            "sourceType": "module",
            "project": "./tsconfig.json"
        },
        "plugins": ["deprecation"],
        "ignorePatterns": [
            "docker/",
            "public/*/assets/",
            "**/dist/",
            "**/node_modules/",
            "vendor/",
            "src/Pyz/Zed/*/Presentation/Components/"
        ],
        "rules": {
            "accessor-pairs": ["error", { "setWithoutGet": true, "enforceForClassMembers": false }],
            "@typescript-eslint/no-empty-function": ["error", { "allow": ["methods"] }],
            "@typescript-eslint/no-magic-numbers": [
                "error",
                {
                    "ignore": [-1, 0, 1],
                    "ignoreDefaultValues": true,
                    "ignoreClassFieldInitialValues": true,
                    "ignoreArrayIndexes": true,
                    "ignoreEnums": true,
                    "ignoreReadonlyClassProperties": true
                }
            ],
            "deprecation/deprecation": "warn"
        }
    }
    ```

    * For Marketplace projects, use this:
    ```json
    {
        "root": true,
        "extends": ["./node_modules/@spryker/frontend-config.eslint/.eslintrc.js", "plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended"],
        "parser": "@typescript-eslint/parser",
        "parserOptions": {
            "ecmaVersion": 2020,
            "sourceType": "module",
            "project": "./tsconfig.yves.json"
        },
        "plugins": ["deprecation"],
        "ignorePatterns": [
            "docker/",
            "public/*/assets/",
            "**/dist/",
            "**/node_modules/",
            "vendor/",
            "src/Pyz/Zed/*/Presentation/Components/"
        ],
        "rules": {
            "accessor-pairs": ["error", { "setWithoutGet": true, "enforceForClassMembers": false }],
            "@typescript-eslint/no-empty-function": ["error", { "allow": ["methods"] }],
            "@typescript-eslint/no-magic-numbers": [
                "error",
                {
                    "ignore": [-1, 0, 1],
                    "ignoreDefaultValues": true,
                    "ignoreClassFieldInitialValues": true,
                    "ignoreArrayIndexes": true,
                    "ignoreEnums": true,
                    "ignoreReadonlyClassProperties": true
                }
            ],
            "deprecation/deprecation": "warn"
        }
    }
    ```

2. If the project uses CI, adjust `.github/workflows/ci.yml`:

```yaml
jobs:
  #...
  validation:
    #...
    steps:
      #...
      - name: TS lint
        run: node ./frontend/libs/tslint --format stylish
      # Must be
      - name: ES lint
        run: npm run yves:lint
```

## 3) Remove unnecessary files

* `.eslintrc.js`
* `tslint.json`
* `frontend/libs/tslint.js`

## 4) Check project `.js` and `.ts` files

1. Check all project `.js` and `.ts` files for `tslint:` comments and replace them with `eslint-` if they are still relevant.
2. Execute the `npm run yves:lint` command and check the result.

Commit message:

DEV Migrate pt1 SEO Update
Meta desc changed for the following pages;
- upgrade and migrate > migrate from auth to securitygui module
- upgrade and migrate > migrate from tslint to eslint
- upgrade and migrate > migrate from yarn to npm
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud adapt the filesystem based features
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud add frontend assets
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud choose a multistore setup
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud finalize the migration
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud integrate the docker sdk
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud migrate database
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud migrate non standard services
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud restore es and redis
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud upgrade the php version
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud wire custom services

docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-from-tslint-to-eslint.md, after:

---
title: Migrate from TSLint to ESLint
description: Use this guide to learn how to migrate the project from TSLint to ESLint for your Spryker based projects.
last_updated: Mar 24, 2023
template: module-migration-guide-template
redirect_from:
-  /docs/scos/dev/front-end-development/migration-guide-switch-from-tslint-to-eslint.html
- /docs/scos/dev/front-end-development/202311.0/migration-guide-switch-from-tslint-to-eslint.html

---

This document provides instructions for migrating from TSLint to ESLint in your Spryker project.

TSLint support was discontinued as of December 1, 2020. The solution is migration to ESLint as the default linter for TypeScript and JavaScript.

*Estimated migration time: 1h*

## 1) Update dependencies

1. In `package.json`, do the following:
    1. Add or update the following dependencies to the new version:

      ```json
      {
          "@spryker/frontend-config.eslint": "~0.1.0",
          "@typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin": "~5.54.0",
          "@typescript-eslint/parser": "~5.54.0",
          "eslint": "~8.35.0",
          "eslint-plugin-deprecation": "~1.4.0",
          "prettier": "~2.8.4"
      }
      ```

    2. Remove the following dependencies:

        ```json
        {
            "@spryker/frontend-config.tslint": "x.x.x",
            "tslint": "x.x.x",
            "typescript-eslint-parser": "x.x.x"
        }
        ```

    3. Update the following commands:

        ```json
        {
            "yves:tslint": "node ./frontend/libs/tslint",
            "yves:tslint:fix": "node ./frontend/libs/tslint --fix"
        }
        ```

        It must be as follows:

        ```json
        {
            "yves:lint": "eslint --no-error-on-unmatched-pattern ./src/Pyz/Yves/**/Theme/**/*.{js,ts}",
            "yves:lint:fix": "eslint --no-error-on-unmatched-pattern --fix ./src/Pyz/Yves/**/Theme/**/*.{js,ts}"
        }
        ```

2. Update and install package dependencies:

```bash
rm -rf node_modules
npm install
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verification" %}

Ensure that the `package-lock.json` file and the `node_modules` folder have been updated.

{% endinfo_block %}

## 2) Create or update configuration files

1. Create the `.eslintrc.json` file:
    * For SCOS demo shops, use this:
    ```json
    {
        "root": true,
        "extends": ["./node_modules/@spryker/frontend-config.eslint/.eslintrc.js", "plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended"],
        "parser": "@typescript-eslint/parser",
        "parserOptions": {
            "ecmaVersion": 2020,
            "sourceType": "module",
            "project": "./tsconfig.json"
        },
        "plugins": ["deprecation"],
        "ignorePatterns": [
            "docker/",
            "public/*/assets/",
            "**/dist/",
            "**/node_modules/",
            "vendor/",
            "src/Pyz/Zed/*/Presentation/Components/"
        ],
        "rules": {
            "accessor-pairs": ["error", { "setWithoutGet": true, "enforceForClassMembers": false }],
            "@typescript-eslint/no-empty-function": ["error", { "allow": ["methods"] }],
            "@typescript-eslint/no-magic-numbers": [
                "error",
                {
                    "ignore": [-1, 0, 1],
                    "ignoreDefaultValues": true,
                    "ignoreClassFieldInitialValues": true,
                    "ignoreArrayIndexes": true,
                    "ignoreEnums": true,
                    "ignoreReadonlyClassProperties": true
                }
            ],
            "deprecation/deprecation": "warn"
        }
    }
    ```

    * For Marketplace projects, use this:
    ```json
    {
        "root": true,
        "extends": ["./node_modules/@spryker/frontend-config.eslint/.eslintrc.js", "plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended"],
        "parser": "@typescript-eslint/parser",
        "parserOptions": {
            "ecmaVersion": 2020,
            "sourceType": "module",
            "project": "./tsconfig.yves.json"
        },
        "plugins": ["deprecation"],
        "ignorePatterns": [
            "docker/",
            "public/*/assets/",
            "**/dist/",
            "**/node_modules/",
            "vendor/",
            "src/Pyz/Zed/*/Presentation/Components/"
        ],
        "rules": {
            "accessor-pairs": ["error", { "setWithoutGet": true, "enforceForClassMembers": false }],
            "@typescript-eslint/no-empty-function": ["error", { "allow": ["methods"] }],
            "@typescript-eslint/no-magic-numbers": [
                "error",
                {
                    "ignore": [-1, 0, 1],
                    "ignoreDefaultValues": true,
                    "ignoreClassFieldInitialValues": true,
                    "ignoreArrayIndexes": true,
                    "ignoreEnums": true,
                    "ignoreReadonlyClassProperties": true
                }
            ],
            "deprecation/deprecation": "warn"
        }
    }
    ```

2. If the project uses CI, adjust `.github/workflows/ci.yml`:

```yaml
jobs:
  #...
  validation:
    #...
    steps:
      #...
      - name: TS lint
        run: node ./frontend/libs/tslint --format stylish
      # Must be
      - name: ES lint
        run: npm run yves:lint
```

## 3) Remove unnecessary files

* `.eslintrc.js`
* `tslint.json`
* `frontend/libs/tslint.js`

## 4) Check project `.js` and `.ts` files

1. Check all project `.js` and `.ts` files for `tslint:` comments and replace them with `eslint-` if they are still relevant.
2. Execute the `npm run yves:lint` command and check the result.
