docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/upgrade-to-php-83.md, before:

---
title: 'Upgrade to PHP 8.3'
description: Starting from Nov 2024, Demo Shops support PHP 8.3.
template: concept-topic-template
last_updated: Nov 1, 2024
---

This document describes how to upgrade PHP to version 8.3. This upgrades the version in Docker environment and `composer.json`.

## 1. Check project code for PHP compatibility using PHPCompatibility

To make sure your project is compatible with PHP 8.3, follow the steps:

1. Require the `php-compatibility` package:

```bash
composer require --dev phpcompatibility/php-compatibility --ignore-platform-reqs
```

2. Configure `phpcs` to use `php-compatibility` rules:
```bash
vendor/bin/phpcs --config-set installed_paths vendor/phpcompatibility/php-compatibility
```

3. Execute the `php-compatibility` sniffer for PHP 8.3:

```bash
vendor/bin/phpcs -p src/ --standard=PHPCompatibility  --runtime-set testVersion 8.3
```

This returns the code that's not compatible with PHP 8.3.

4. Fix all the discovered incompatibilities.

## 2. Check for incompatible dependencies

Identify any dependencies that are not compatible with PHP 8.3:

```bash
composer why-not php 8.3
```

## 3. Update composer.json

Modify your `composer.json` file to reflect the new PHP version requirements.

1. Set the minimum required PHP version to 8.3.

```bash
    "require": {
      "php": ">=8.3",
    }
```

2. Ensure Composer resolves dependencies compatible with PHP 8.3:

```bash
  "config": {
    "preferred-install": "dist",
    "platform": {
      "php": "8.3.12"
    },
```

3. Update dependencies:

```bash
  composer update
```

This command will update your dependencies to the latest versions that are compatible with PHP 8.3

## 4. Update Docker Configuration

1. In every `deploy.yml` file, specify the new PHP image:

```bash
image:
    tag: spryker/php:8.3
    environment:
```

2. Run the application:

```bash
docker/sdk boot && docker/sdk up --build
```

## 5. Test Your Application

Thoroughly test your application to identify any issues due to the PHP version upgrade.

 - **Automated Tests**: Run unit, integration, and functional tests.
 - **Manual Testing**: Test critical application functionality.
 - **Monitor for Deprecations**: Check for deprecation notices or warnings that may arise from running on PHP 8.3.

Commit message:

FRW-9182 Fixes after TW review

docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/upgrade-to-php-83.md, after:

---
title: 'Upgrade to PHP 8.3'
description: Starting from Nov 2024, Demo Shops support PHP 8.3.
template: concept-topic-template
last_updated: Nov 1, 2024
---

This document describes how to upgrade PHP to version 8.3. This upgrades the version in Docker environment and `composer.json`.

## 1. Check project code for PHP compatibility using PHPCompatibility

To make sure your project is compatible with PHP 8.3, follow the steps:

1. Require the `php-compatibility` package:

```bash
composer require --dev phpcompatibility/php-compatibility --ignore-platform-reqs
```

2. Configure `phpcs` to use `php-compatibility` rules:
```bash
vendor/bin/phpcs --config-set installed_paths vendor/phpcompatibility/php-compatibility
```

3. Execute the `php-compatibility` sniffer for PHP 8.3:

```bash
vendor/bin/phpcs -p src/ --standard=PHPCompatibility  --runtime-set testVersion 8.3
```

This returns the code that's not compatible with PHP 8.3.

4. Fix all the discovered incompatibilities.

## 2. Check for incompatible dependencies

Identify any dependencies that are not compatible with PHP 8.3:

```bash
composer why-not php 8.3
```

1. **Review the Output**: The command will list dependencies that are not compatible with PHP 8.3, along with the reasons why they cannot be upgraded.
2. **Update Dependencies**: Check if there are newer versions of these dependencies that support PHP 8.3. You can do this by visiting the package's repository or checking its documentation.
If updates are available, update your `composer.json` file to require these newer versions.
3. **Resolve Conflicts**: If there are no newer versions available, you may need to find alternative packages that are compatible with PHP 8.3. You can search for alternative packages on Packagist or other package repositories.

## 3. Update composer.json

Modify your `composer.json` file to reflect the new PHP version requirements.

1. Set the minimum required PHP version to 8.3:

```bash
    "require": {
      "php": ">=8.3",
    }
```

2. Specify PHP 8.3 as the platform version for dependency resolution:

```bash
  "config": {
    "preferred-install": "dist",
    "platform": {
      "php": "8.3.12"
    },
```

3. Update dependencies:

```bash
  composer update
```

This command will update your dependencies to the latest versions that are compatible with PHP 8.3

## 4. Update Docker Configuration

1. In every `deploy.yml` file, specify the new PHP image:

```bash
image:
    tag: spryker/php:8.3
    environment:
```

2. Run the application:

```bash
docker/sdk boot && docker/sdk up --build
```

## 5. Test Your Application

Thoroughly test your application to identify any issues due to the PHP version upgrade.

 - **Automated Tests**: Run unit, integration, and functional tests.
 - **Manual Testing**: Test critical application functionality.
 - **Monitor for Deprecations**: Check for deprecation notices or warnings that may arise from running on PHP 8.3.
