docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-category-template-migration-console-module.md, before:

---
title: Migration guide - Category Template Migration Console
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-category-template-console
originalArticleId: 4e32a6a9-559f-4c06-b6c0-a9c8639f51e0
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-category-template-migration-console-module.html
---
{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-category-template-migration-console-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-category-template-migration-console-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC PIM Upgrade modules SEO Update
Updated the meta description for the following pages for an SEO update;
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the category template migration console module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the categorygui module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the categorystorage module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the product module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the product bundle module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productcategoryfiltergui module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productcategorystorage module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productconfiguration module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productdetailpage module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productlabel module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productlabelsearch module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productlablestorage module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productproductnew module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productproductpackagingunitwidget module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productproductquanitty module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productproductquantitystorage module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productproductsearchwidget module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the stock module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the touch module

docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-category-template-migration-console-module.md, after:

---
title: Migration guide - Category Template Migration Console
decsription: Learn how you can upgrade from an older version to a newer version of the category templates within your Spryker based projects.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-category-template-console
originalArticleId: 4e32a6a9-559f-4c06-b6c0-a9c8639f51e0
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-category-template-migration-console.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-category-template-migration-console-module.html
---
{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-category-template-migration-console-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-category-template-migration-console-module.md -->
