docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productlabel-module.md, before:

---
title: Upgrade the ProductLabel module
description: Use the guide to update the ProductLabel module to a newer version.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-product-label
originalArticleId: f991c2ea-e52b-42d0-89ab-2fc645f8ab69
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productlabel-module.html
related:
  - title: Upgrade the ProductLabelGUI module
    link: docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productlabelgui-module.html
  - title: Upgrade the Product module
    link: docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-product-module.html
  - title: Upgrade the ProductBundle module
    link: docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productbundle-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productlabel-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productlabel-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC PIM Upgrade modules SEO Update
Updated the meta description for the following pages for an SEO update;
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the category template migration console module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the categorygui module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the categorystorage module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the product module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the product bundle module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productcategoryfiltergui module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productcategorystorage module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productconfiguration module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productdetailpage module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productlabel module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productlabelsearch module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productlablestorage module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productproductnew module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productproductpackagingunitwidget module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productproductquanitty module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productproductquantitystorage module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the productproductsearchwidget module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the stock module
- base shop > Install and upgrade > upgrade module > upgrade the touch module

docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productlabel-module.md, after:

---
title: Upgrade the ProductLabel module
description: Learn how to upgrade from an older version to a newer one of the product label module within your Spryker based project.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-product-label
originalArticleId: f991c2ea-e52b-42d0-89ab-2fc645f8ab69
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-productlabel.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productlabel-module.html
related:
  - title: Upgrade the ProductLabelGUI module
    link: docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productlabelgui-module.html
  - title: Upgrade the Product module
    link: docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-product-module.html
  - title: Upgrade the ProductBundle module
    link: docs/pbc/all/product-information-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productbundle-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productlabel-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-productlabel-module.md -->
