docs/pbc/all/miscellaneous/202410.0/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-glossary.csv.md, before:

---
title: "Import file details: glossary.csv"
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: data-import-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/file-details-glossarycsv
originalArticleId: 8933e30e-35fd-4c8b-be0c-78c4b38054f8
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/file-details-glossarycsv
  - /2021080/docs/en/file-details-glossarycsv
  - /docs/file-details-glossarycsv
  - /docs/en/file-details-glossarycsv
  - /docs/scos/dev/data-import/202204.0/data-import-categories/commerce-setup/file-details-glossary.csv.html
related:
  - title: Execution order of data importers in Demo Shop
    link: docs/dg/dev/data-import/page.version/execution-order-of-data-importers.html
---

This document describes the `glossary.csv` file to configure [Customer](/docs/pbc/all/miscellaneous/{{page.version}}/manage-in-the-back-office/add-translations.html) information in your Spryker Demo Shop.

To import the file, run:

```bash
data:import:glossary
```

## Import file parameters

The file should have the following parameters:

| PARAMETER | REQUIRED | TYPE | REQUIREMENTS OR COMMENTS | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| key | &check; | String |   | Glossary key, which is used in the templates contained in the shop application. |
| translation | &check; | String |   | Translation value of the key for the specific locale. |
| locale | &check; | String |   | Locale of the translation. |

## Import file dependencies

This file has no dependencies.

## Import template file and content example

Find the template and an example of the file below:

| FILE | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- |
| [glossary.csv template](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/Developer+Guide/Back-End/Data+Manipulation/Data+Ingestion/Data+Import/Data+Import+Categories/Commerce+Setup/Template+glossary.csv) | Exemplary import file with headers only. |
| [glossary.csv](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/Developer+Guide/Back-End/Data+Manipulation/Data+Ingestion/Data+Import/Data+Import+Categories/Commerce+Setup/glossary.csv) | Exemplary import file with Demo Shop data. |

Commit message:

PBC Misc SEO Update
Changed the following pages for Meta description following an SEO update;
- import and export data > import file details glossary csv
- Install and upgrade > Install features > install the push notification feature
- Install and upgrade > Install features >  install the spryker core feature
- Install and upgrade > Install glue api > install the spryker core glue api
- Install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the api module
- Install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the quote module
- Install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the setup module
- Install and upgrade > manage in the back office > add translations
- Install and upgrade > manage in the back office > edit translations
- Install and upgrade > manage in the back office > manage translations in the back office
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > glue api add push notification subscriptions
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > manage push notification providers > glue api add push notification providers
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > manage push notification providers > glue api delete push notification providers
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > manage push notification providers > glue api retrieve push notification providers

docs/pbc/all/miscellaneous/202410.0/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-glossary.csv.md, after:

---
title: "Import file details: glossary.csv"
description: Learn how you can configure customer information using the Spryker glossary csv file in your Spryker Cloud Commerce OS projects.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: data-import-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/file-details-glossarycsv
originalArticleId: 8933e30e-35fd-4c8b-be0c-78c4b38054f8
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/file-details-glossarycsv
  - /2021080/docs/en/file-details-glossarycsv
  - /docs/file-details-glossarycsv
  - /docs/en/file-details-glossarycsv
  - /docs/scos/dev/data-import/202204.0/data-import-categories/commerce-setup/file-details-glossary.csv.html
related:
  - title: Execution order of data importers in Demo Shop
    link: docs/dg/dev/data-import/page.version/execution-order-of-data-importers.html
---

This document describes the `glossary.csv` file to configure [Customer](/docs/pbc/all/miscellaneous/{{page.version}}/manage-in-the-back-office/add-translations.html) information in your Spryker Demo Shop.

To import the file, run:

```bash
data:import:glossary
```

## Import file parameters

The file should have the following parameters:

| PARAMETER | REQUIRED | TYPE | REQUIREMENTS OR COMMENTS | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| key | &check; | String |   | Glossary key, which is used in the templates contained in the shop application. |
| translation | &check; | String |   | Translation value of the key for the specific locale. |
| locale | &check; | String |   | Locale of the translation. |

## Import file dependencies

This file has no dependencies.

## Import template file and content example

Find the template and an example of the file below:

| FILE | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- |
| [glossary.csv template](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/Developer+Guide/Back-End/Data+Manipulation/Data+Ingestion/Data+Import/Data+Import+Categories/Commerce+Setup/Template+glossary.csv) | Exemplary import file with headers only. |
| [glossary.csv](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/Developer+Guide/Back-End/Data+Manipulation/Data+Ingestion/Data+Import/Data+Import+Categories/Commerce+Setup/glossary.csv) | Exemplary import file with Demo Shop data. |
