docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/single-plugin-argument.md, before:

---
title: Single plugin argument
description: Reference information for evaluator tools.
template: howto-guide-template
last_updated: Oct 24, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/single-plugin-argument.html
---

This check makes sure that the plugins don't require complicated constructor arguments.

## Problem description

Inside of the dependency provider, you can register the plugin directly in the method or through another wrap method, with and without constructor arguments.
To keep the plugins simple, they shouldn't require complicated objects as constructor arguments.

Supported argument types:
 - int
 - float
 - string (constant or concatenations with the constant)
 - bool
 - null
 - usage of new statement to instantiate a class (without further methods calls)

## Example of evaluator error message

```bash
======================
SINGLE PLUGIN ARGUMENT
======================

Message: The "\Spryker\Zed\Console\Communication\Plugin\MonitoringConsolePlugin" plugin
         should not have unsupported constructor parameters.
         Supported argument types: int, float, string, const, bool, int, usage of new statement to
         instantiate a class (without further methods calls).
Target:  {PATH_TO_PROJECT}\ConsoleDependencyProvider::getMonitoringConsoleMethod()
```

## Example of code that causes an evaluator error

The dependency provider method returns the plugin with the unwanted argument:

```php
namespace Pyz\Zed\SinglePluginArgument;

use Pyz\Zed\Monitoring\Communication\Plugin\Console\MonitoringConsolePlugin;

class ConsoleDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return \Pyz\Zed\Console\Communication\Plugin\MonitoringConsolePlugin
     */
    public function getMonitoringConsoleMethod(): MonitoringConsolePlugin
    {
        $fp = fopen('test.txt', 'w');

        return new MonitoringConsolePlugin($fp);
    }
}
```

## Resolve the error

To resolve the error:
1. Refactor the plugin - remove the usage of the complicated constructor arguments.



## Run only this checker
To run only this checker, include `SINGLE_PLUGIN_ARGUMENT` into the checkers list. Example:
```bash
vendor/bin/evaluator evaluate --checkers=SINGLE_PLUGIN_ARGUMENT
```

Commit message:

Dev Guidelines Pt2 SEO Update
updated the meta description and some canonical links for pages within the guidelines section of dev docs

docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/single-plugin-argument.md, after:

---
title: Single plugin argument
description: Learn how the single plugin argument checks that plugins do not require complicated constructor arguments within your spryker projects.
template: howto-guide-template
last_updated: Oct 24, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/single-plugin-argument.html
---

This check makes sure that the plugins don't require complicated constructor arguments.

## Problem description

Inside of the dependency provider, you can register the plugin directly in the method or through another wrap method, with and without constructor arguments.
To keep the plugins simple, they shouldn't require complicated objects as constructor arguments.

Supported argument types:
 - int
 - float
 - string (constant or concatenations with the constant)
 - bool
 - null
 - usage of new statement to instantiate a class (without further methods calls)

## Example of evaluator error message

```bash
======================
SINGLE PLUGIN ARGUMENT
======================

Message: The "\Spryker\Zed\Console\Communication\Plugin\MonitoringConsolePlugin" plugin
         should not have unsupported constructor parameters.
         Supported argument types: int, float, string, const, bool, int, usage of new statement to
         instantiate a class (without further methods calls).
Target:  {PATH_TO_PROJECT}\ConsoleDependencyProvider::getMonitoringConsoleMethod()
```

## Example of code that causes an evaluator error

The dependency provider method returns the plugin with the unwanted argument:

```php
namespace Pyz\Zed\SinglePluginArgument;

use Pyz\Zed\Monitoring\Communication\Plugin\Console\MonitoringConsolePlugin;

class ConsoleDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return \Pyz\Zed\Console\Communication\Plugin\MonitoringConsolePlugin
     */
    public function getMonitoringConsoleMethod(): MonitoringConsolePlugin
    {
        $fp = fopen('test.txt', 'w');

        return new MonitoringConsolePlugin($fp);
    }
}
```

## Resolve the error

To resolve the error:
1. Refactor the plugin - remove the usage of the complicated constructor arguments.



## Run only this checker
To run only this checker, include `SINGLE_PLUGIN_ARGUMENT` into the checkers list. Example:
```bash
vendor/bin/evaluator evaluate --checkers=SINGLE_PLUGIN_ARGUMENT
```
