docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/upgradability-guidelines.md, before:

---
title: Upgradability guidelines
description: Find solutions to Evaluator violations
template: howto-guide-template
last_updated: Nov 16, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/upgradability-guidelines.html
---

The documents in this section will help you resolve the issues related to code evaluation in a way that keeps your code upgradable and up to date with both Spryker's and industry coding standards.

When you get an evaluation error, check the name of the triggered check in the Evaluation output logs. The name is at the beginning of each error log.

Example:
```bash
============================================
DEPENDENCY PROVIDER ADDITIONAL LOGIC CHECKER
============================================

Message: In DependencyProvider, the "if (!static::IS_DEV) {}" conditional statement is forbidden.
Target:  tests/Acceptance/_data/InvalidProject/src/Pyz/Zed/Console/ConsoleDependencyProvider.php
```

In the example, the name is `DEPENDENCY PROVIDER ADDITIONAL LOGIC CHECKER`. The table bellow describes the error and documentation about it.

<div class="width-100">


| Check name  | Error message template                                                   | Documentation                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ----------- |--------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| DEPENDENCY PROVIDER ADDITIONAL LOGIC CHECKER | The condition statement if {statement} is forbidden in the DependencyProvider | [Dependency provider additional logic checker](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/additional-logic-in-dependency-provider.html) |

</div>

## Avoid using deprecated methods and classes
Avoiding [deprecated methods and classes](/docs/dg/dev/updating-spryker/updating-spryker.html) ensures stability, security, and compatibility with newer versions.

## Avoid using additional logic in dependency provider
Avoiding [additional logic in dependency providers](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/additional-logic-in-dependency-provider.html) helps to maintain simplicity, reliability, and adherence to best practices, ensuring clean and efficient dependency injection.

## PHP version
Use one [PHP version](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/php-version.html) across all your environments.

## Avoid using outdated modules
Avoid using [outdated](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/minimum-allowed-shop-version.html) feature and core modules.

## Avoid multiple nesting in the plugin registration methods
Avoid using [multiple nesting](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/multidimensional-array.html) within plugin registration methods in the dependency providers.

Commit message:

Dev Guidelines Pt2 SEO Update
updated the meta description and some canonical links for pages within the guidelines section of dev docs

docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/upgradability-guidelines.md, after:

---
title: Upgradability guidelines
description: Spryker upgradability guidelines and how to resolve issues related to code evaluation to help keep your code inline with Spryker and industry standards.
template: howto-guide-template
last_updated: Nov 16, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/upgradability-guidelines.html
---

The documents in this section will help you resolve the issues related to code evaluation in a way that keeps your code upgradable and up to date with both Spryker's and industry coding standards.

When you get an evaluation error, check the name of the triggered check in the Evaluation output logs. The name is at the beginning of each error log.

Example:
```bash
============================================
DEPENDENCY PROVIDER ADDITIONAL LOGIC CHECKER
============================================

Message: In DependencyProvider, the "if (!static::IS_DEV) {}" conditional statement is forbidden.
Target:  tests/Acceptance/_data/InvalidProject/src/Pyz/Zed/Console/ConsoleDependencyProvider.php
```

In the example, the name is `DEPENDENCY PROVIDER ADDITIONAL LOGIC CHECKER`. The table bellow describes the error and documentation about it.

<div class="width-100">


| Check name  | Error message template                                                   | Documentation                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ----------- |--------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| DEPENDENCY PROVIDER ADDITIONAL LOGIC CHECKER | The condition statement if {statement} is forbidden in the DependencyProvider | [Dependency provider additional logic checker](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/additional-logic-in-dependency-provider.html) |

</div>

## Avoid using deprecated methods and classes
Avoiding [deprecated methods and classes](/docs/dg/dev/updating-spryker/updating-spryker.html) ensures stability, security, and compatibility with newer versions.

## Avoid using additional logic in dependency provider
Avoiding [additional logic in dependency providers](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/additional-logic-in-dependency-provider.html) helps to maintain simplicity, reliability, and adherence to best practices, ensuring clean and efficient dependency injection.

## PHP version
Use one [PHP version](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/php-version.html) across all your environments.

## Avoid using outdated modules
Avoid using [outdated](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/minimum-allowed-shop-version.html) feature and core modules.

## Avoid multiple nesting in the plugin registration methods
Avoid using [multiple nesting](/docs/dg/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/multidimensional-array.html) within plugin registration methods in the dependency providers.
