docs/dg/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites.md, before:

---
title: Installing Docker prerequisites
description: This section
last_updated: Mar 30, 2023
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/setup/installing-spryker-with-docker/docker-installation-prerequisites/installing-docker-prerequisites.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites.html

---

This section describes the prerequisites for installing Spryker in Docker on Linux, MacOS, and Windows.

To review the installation prerequisites for your operating system, see the following documents:
* [Install Docker prerequisites on Linux](/docs/dg/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites-on-linux.html)
* [Install Docker prerequisites on MacOS](/docs/dg/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites-on-macos.html)
* [Install Docker prerequisites on Windows with WSL1](/docs/dg/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites-on-windows-with-wsl1.html)
* [Install Docker prerequisites on Windows with WSL2](/docs/dg/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites-on-windows-with-wsl2.html)

Commit message:

Dev Set up Locally SEO Update
Changed the meta desc for pages within Set up Spryker locally articles for an SEO update.

docs/dg/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites.md, after:

---
title: Installing Docker prerequisites
description: Learn about the prerequisites needed for installing Spryker in docker on Linux, MacOS or Windows
last_updated: Mar 30, 2023
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/setup/installing-spryker-with-docker/docker-installation-prerequisites/installing-docker-prerequisites.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites.html

---

This section describes the prerequisites for installing Spryker in Docker on Linux, MacOS, and Windows.

To review the installation prerequisites for your operating system, see the following documents:
* [Install Docker prerequisites on Linux](/docs/dg/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites-on-linux.html)
* [Install Docker prerequisites on MacOS](/docs/dg/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites-on-macos.html)
* [Install Docker prerequisites on Windows with WSL1](/docs/dg/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites-on-windows-with-wsl1.html)
* [Install Docker prerequisites on Windows with WSL2](/docs/dg/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites-on-windows-with-wsl2.html)
