docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/202410.0/marketplace/marketplace-merchant-portal-core-feature-overview/gui-modules.md, before:

---
title: GUI modules
description: Short overview of GUI modules in Merchant Portal.
template: concept-topic-template
last_updated: Nov 17, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/marketplace/dev/feature-walkthroughs/202311.0/marketplace-merchant-portal-core-feature-walkthrough/gui-modules-concept.html
related:
  - title: How to create a new GUI module
    link: docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/page.version/marketplace/tutorials-and-howtos/create-gui-modules.html
---

This document provides a short overview of the GUI (graphical user interface) modules in the Merchant Portal.

## GUI modules structure

GUI modules have the main purpose of providing logic for the functioning of the Merchant Portal pages and components for merchant management. The Core GUI modules can be identified by the suffix `MerchantPortalGui` (`DashboardMerchantPortalGui`, `ProductOfferMerchantPortalGui`).

Typical GUI modules include the following:
- Controllers for displaying Merchant Portal pages and corresponding logic (forms and data mappers).
- GUI tables and corresponding logic for configuration, and data provisioning.
- Twig templates.
- Frontend components.
- Plugins for extending existing GUI tables, and forms.
- Other GUI related logic.

GUI modules should not contain any business logic, which should be handled by modules responsible for it. For example, `ProductOfferMerchantPortalGui` module uses `ProductOffer` module to save the product offer data).

![GUI module relations](https://confluence-connect.gliffy.net/embed/image/58cb446e-2bd7-4e34-a9fd-6eb401917d31.png?utm_medium=live&utm_source=custom)

## Mapping to a feature

Merchant Portal GUI modules can be mapped to a feature in two different ways, depending on the feature's purpose:

- As a required module listed in feature's `composer.json`, which means the module must be installed.

{% info_block infoBox "Example" %}

[Marketplace Merchant Portal Core feature](https://github.com/spryker-feature/marketplace-merchantportal-core): `SecurityMerchantPortalGui`, `UserMerchantPortalGui` modules.

{% endinfo_block %}

- As optional module, which means it should be installed as an add-on to the main feature.

{% info_block infoBox "Example" %}

([Marketplace Inventory Management feature](https://github.com/spryker-feature/marketplace-inventory-management): the `AvailabilityMerchantPortalGui` module.

{% endinfo_block %}

Commit message:

PBC Pt2 Merchant Management Marketplace SEO update
the following pages have had their meta description changed for an SEO update;

- manage in back office > manage merchant users > create merchant users
- manage in back office > manage merchant users > edit merchant users
- manage in back office > manage merchants > create merchants
- manage in back office > manage in the merchant portal > manage merchant relation requests
- manage in back office > manage in the merchant portal > manage merchant relations
- manage in back office > manage in the merchant portal > manage merchants in the merchant portal
- manage in back office > manage using glue api > glue api retrieve merchant addresses
- manage in back office > manage using glue api > glue api retrieve merchant opening hours
- manage in back office > manage using glue api > glue api retrieve merchants
- marketplace merchant commission feature overview
- merchant category feature overview
- manage in back office > marketplace merchant portal core feature overview > gui modules
- manage in back office > marketplace merchant portal core feature overview > merchant user
- manage in back office > marketplace merchant portal core feature overview > persistence acl configuration
- manage in back office > third party integrations > channel pilot marketplace
- manage in back office > tutorials and how tos > create gui modules
- manage in back office > tutorials and how tos > create gui able column types
- manage in back office > tutorials and how tos > create gui table filter types
- manage in back office > tutorials and how tos > create gui tables
- manage in back office > tutorials and how tos > create merchant commission calculator type plugins
- manage in back office > tutorials and how tos > create merchant commission collector rule
- manage in back office > tutorials and how tos > extend gui tables
- manage in back office > tutorials and how tos > extend merchant portal dashboard

docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/202410.0/marketplace/marketplace-merchant-portal-core-feature-overview/gui-modules.md, after:

---
title: GUI modules
description: A short overview of GUI modules in the Spryker Merchant Portal for the Spryker Merchant Portal core features.
template: concept-topic-template
last_updated: Nov 17, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/marketplace/dev/feature-walkthroughs/202311.0/marketplace-merchant-portal-core-feature-walkthrough/gui-modules-concept.html
related:
  - title: How to create a new GUI module
    link: docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/page.version/marketplace/tutorials-and-howtos/create-gui-modules.html
---

This document provides a short overview of the GUI (graphical user interface) modules in the Merchant Portal.

## GUI modules structure

GUI modules have the main purpose of providing logic for the functioning of the Merchant Portal pages and components for merchant management. The Core GUI modules can be identified by the suffix `MerchantPortalGui` (`DashboardMerchantPortalGui`, `ProductOfferMerchantPortalGui`).

Typical GUI modules include the following:
- Controllers for displaying Merchant Portal pages and corresponding logic (forms and data mappers).
- GUI tables and corresponding logic for configuration, and data provisioning.
- Twig templates.
- Frontend components.
- Plugins for extending existing GUI tables, and forms.
- Other GUI related logic.

GUI modules should not contain any business logic, which should be handled by modules responsible for it. For example, `ProductOfferMerchantPortalGui` module uses `ProductOffer` module to save the product offer data).

![GUI module relations](https://confluence-connect.gliffy.net/embed/image/58cb446e-2bd7-4e34-a9fd-6eb401917d31.png?utm_medium=live&utm_source=custom)

## Mapping to a feature

Merchant Portal GUI modules can be mapped to a feature in two different ways, depending on the feature's purpose:

- As a required module listed in feature's `composer.json`, which means the module must be installed.

{% info_block infoBox "Example" %}

[Marketplace Merchant Portal Core feature](https://github.com/spryker-feature/marketplace-merchantportal-core): `SecurityMerchantPortalGui`, `UserMerchantPortalGui` modules.

{% endinfo_block %}

- As optional module, which means it should be installed as an add-on to the main feature.

{% info_block infoBox "Example" %}

([Marketplace Inventory Management feature](https://github.com/spryker-feature/marketplace-inventory-management): the `AvailabilityMerchantPortalGui` module.

{% endinfo_block %}
