docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202410.0/base-shop/cart-and-checkout-base-shop.md, before:

---
title: "Cart and Checkout: Base shop"
description: Cart and Checkout capability enables customers to create multiple carts and check out with ease.
last_updated: Oct 2, 2022
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202311.0/cart-and-checkout.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202204.0/base-shop/cart-and-checkout-base-shop.html
---

To learn about the base Cart and Checkout, see the following feature overviews:

* [Cart feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/cart-feature-overview/cart-feature-overview.html)
* [Multiple Carts feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/multiple-carts-feature-overview.html)
* [Persistent Cart Sharing feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/persistent-cart-sharing-feature-overview.html)
* [Quick Add to Cart feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/quick-add-to-cart-feature-overview.html)
* [Shared Carts feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/shared-carts-feature-overview.html)
* [Checkout feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/checkout-feature-overview/checkout-feature-overview.html)
* [Approval Process feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/approval-process-feature-overview.html)
* [Comments](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/comments-feature-overview.html#related-developer-documents)
* [Resource Sharing](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/resource-sharing-feature-overview.html#related-developer-documents)
* [Non-splittable Products feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/non-splittable-products-feature-overview.html)

Commit message:

PBC Cart and checkout domain model and extend SEO update
Changed the meta description for the following pages following an SEO update;

- cart and checkout base shop
- checkout feature module relations
- comments feature module relations
= persistent cart sharing feature module relations
- calculation data structure

docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202410.0/base-shop/cart-and-checkout-base-shop.md, after:

---
title: "Cart and Checkout: Base shop"
description: Learn about the Cart and Checkout Base Shop features in Spryker Cloud Commerce OS, supporting seamless shopping cart management and streamlined checkout processes
last_updated: Oct 2, 2022
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202311.0/cart-and-checkout.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/202204.0/base-shop/cart-and-checkout-base-shop.html
---

To learn about the base Cart and Checkout, see the following feature overviews:

* [Cart feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/cart-feature-overview/cart-feature-overview.html)
* [Multiple Carts feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/multiple-carts-feature-overview.html)
* [Persistent Cart Sharing feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/persistent-cart-sharing-feature-overview.html)
* [Quick Add to Cart feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/quick-add-to-cart-feature-overview.html)
* [Shared Carts feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/shared-carts-feature-overview.html)
* [Checkout feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/checkout-feature-overview/checkout-feature-overview.html)
* [Approval Process feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/approval-process-feature-overview.html)
* [Comments](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/comments-feature-overview.html#related-developer-documents)
* [Resource Sharing](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/resource-sharing-feature-overview.html#related-developer-documents)
* [Non-splittable Products feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/{{site.version}}/base-shop/feature-overviews/non-splittable-products-feature-overview.html)
