---
title: Launching Storefronts
description: Learn how to launch Storefronts
template: concept-topic-template
---

This tutorial describes how to deploy Storefronts using the Spryker Launchpad.

## Logging into the Launchpad

Using the login details provided by your FeS account owner, log into the [Launchpad](https://launchpad.spryker.com).

After logging in, the *List of Applications* page opens.

## Defining general information

To create a Storefront, do the following:

1. On the *List of Applications* page, select **Create new application**.

2. Enter a descriptive **Name** for the Storefront.
  As you can have multiple Storefronts, it's handy to have a unique name for each fo them.

3. For **Type**, select **Spryker VueStorefront**.
  In future, you'll be able to create other types of applications. For now, let's stick with the Storefront.

  *Code Repository provider*, *Hosting provider*, and *Commerce provider* sections appear.

## Connecting GitHub repositories

In the *Code Repository provider* section, you are going to grant the Launchpad permission to your GitHub repository with the application. Follow the steps:

1. Select **Install GitHub organization**.

2. On the GitHub page that opens, connect your GitHub organization and grant access to the repository with the VueStorefront application.

This takes you back to the *Create new Application* page.

3. Select the **ORGANISATION** you've connected.

4. Select the **REPOSITORY** with the VueStorefront application.

5. Select the **BRANCH** you want to deploy.

We recommend mapping branches to Storefronts as follows:
* master branch — production Storefront
* development branch — staging Storefront



## Configuring the build

In the *Hosting provider* section, you need to configure how the Storefront will be deployed to [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/). In future, you'll be able to use other hosting providers.

All the fields are optional. If not

To configure the build configuration, do the following:

1. Enter a **BASE DIRECTORY**.
  This is the directory from which a deployment is started. If not specified, the root directory of the repository is used.

2. Enter a **BUILD COMMAND**.
  This is the command used to deploy the application. Specify it if you want to customize the build. The default command is `npm run build`.

3. Enter a **PUBLISH FOLDER**.
   The deploy-ready HTML files and assets generated by the build are placed into this folder. The default folder is `/build`

For more information about Netlify build configuration, see [Get started with build configuration](https://docs.netlify.com/configure-builds/get-started/)



## Connecting SCCOS

In the *Commerce provider* section, you need to connect the Storefront to a [Spryker Cloud Commerce OS](/docs/cloud/dev/spryker-cloud-commerce-os/getting-started-with-the-spryker-cloud-commerce-os.html) environment and map the [stores]. Follow the steps below:

1. Select a **SPRYKER ENVIRONMENT** to connect this Storefront to.

2. Select one or more **LOCALES** to be available in this Storefront.

3. Select one or more **CURRENCIES** to be available in this Storefront.

4. Select **Create**.

The *List of Applications* page opens with the success message displayed. The application is displayed in the list.

## Publishing the Storefront

To publish the application, do the following:

1. Select the application you've created.
  This opens the the pane of the application.

2. In the *Hosting provider* section, select **Install Application**.
  This shows the success message. Each time you update the code in the connected repository, the Storefront is updated with the changes.


To edit the application, select **Edit** in the top-right corner.   
