docs/pbc/all/tax-management/202410.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/tax-management-data-import.md, before:

---
title: Tax Management data import
description: Details about data import files for the Tax Management PBC
template: concept-topic-template
last_updated: Jul 23, 2023
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/tax-management/202311.0/base-shop/spryker-tax/import-and-export-data/tax-management-data-import.html
- /docs/pbc/all/tax-management/202204.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/tax-management-data-import.html
---


To learn how data import works and about different ways of importing data, see [Data import](/docs/dg/dev/data-import/{{page.version}}/data-import.html). This section describes the data import files that are used to import data related to the Tax Management PBC:

* [Import file details: tax_sets.csv](/docs/pbc/all/tax-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-tax-sets.csv.html)
* [Import file details: product_abstract.csv](/docs/pbc/all/tax-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-product-abstract.csv.html)
* [Import file details: product_option.csv](/docs/pbc/all/tax-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-product-option.csv.html)
* [Import file details: shipment.csv](/docs/pbc/all/tax-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-shipment.csv.html)

Commit message:

PBC Tax Management SEO Update
Met desc changed for the following pages;
- base shop > import and export data > import file details product abstract csv
- base shop > import and export data > import file details product option csv
- base shop > import and export data > import file details details shipment csv
- base shop > import and export data > import file details details tax sets
- base shop > import and export data > tax management data import
- base shop > install and upgrade > upgrade the product tax sets rest api module
- base shop > install and upgrade > upgrade the tax module
- base shop > manage in the back office > create tax rates
- base shop > manage in the back office > create tax sets
- base shop > manage in the back office > edit tax rates
- base shop > manage in the back office > edit tax sets
- base shop > manage in the back office > manage taxes in the back office
- base shop > manage using the glue api > retrieve tax rates
- base shop > third party integrations > avalara > apply avalara tax codes
- base shop > third party integrations > avalara > avalara
- base shop > third party integrations > avalara > install avalara shipment
- base shop > third party integrations > avalara > install avalara product options
- base shop > third party integrations > avalara > install avalara
- base shop > third party integrations > vertex > connect vertex
- base shop > third party integrations > vertex > disconnect vertex
- base shop > third party integrations > vertex > install vertex > integrate the acp connector module for tax calculation
- base shop > third party integrations > vertex > troubleshooting vertex
- base shop > third party integrations > vertex > vertex faq
- base shop > third party integrations > vertex > vertex

docs/pbc/all/tax-management/202410.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/tax-management-data-import.md, after:

---
title: Tax Management data import
description: Learn all about data import files and the different ways of importing data for the Tax Management PBC within you Spryker based projects.
template: concept-topic-template
last_updated: Jul 23, 2023
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/tax-management/202311.0/base-shop/spryker-tax/import-and-export-data/tax-management-data-import.html
- /docs/pbc/all/tax-management/202204.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/tax-management-data-import.html
---


To learn how data import works and about different ways of importing data, see [Data import](/docs/dg/dev/data-import/{{page.version}}/data-import.html). This section describes the data import files that are used to import data related to the Tax Management PBC:

* [Import file details: tax_sets.csv](/docs/pbc/all/tax-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-tax-sets.csv.html)
* [Import file details: product_abstract.csv](/docs/pbc/all/tax-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-product-abstract.csv.html)
* [Import file details: product_option.csv](/docs/pbc/all/tax-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-product-option.csv.html)
* [Import file details: shipment.csv](/docs/pbc/all/tax-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-shipment.csv.html)
