docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.md, before:

---
title: Install the Checkout Glue API
description: Learn how to install the Checkout Glue API in your project
template: feature-integration-guide-template
last_updated: Nov 21, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202311.0/base-shop/install-and-update/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.html
related:
  - title: Install the Checkout feature
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-checkout-feature.html
  - title: Check out purchases
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/check-out/glue-api-check-out-purchases.html
  - title: Update payment data
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/check-out/glue-api-update-payment-data.html
  - title: Submit checkout data
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/check-out/glue-api-submit-checkout-data.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202311.0/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.md -->

Commit message:

PBC OMS pt1 SEO Update
part 1 of meta description updates with the order management system:
- base shop > datapayload conversion > multi-language
- base shop > datapayload conversion > state machine console commands
- base shop > datapayload conversion > step engine > step engine workflow overview
- base shop > display custon names for order items states on the storefront
- base shop > glue api retrieve orders
- base shop > domain model and relationships > custom order reference module relations
- base shop > import and export data > import and export order management system data
- base shop > import and export data >  orders data export > export file details order expenses csv
- base shop > import and export data >  orders data export > export file details order items csv
- base shop > import and export data >  orders data export > export file details orders csv
- base shop > import and export data >  install features > install the reclamations feature
- base shop > import and export data >  install features > install the sales data export feature
- base shop > import and export data >  install features > install the splittable order items feature
- base shop > import and export data >  install glue api > install the checkout glue api
- base shop > import and export data >  install glue api > install the order management glue api
- base shop > import and export data >  install glue api > install the shipment glue api
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the order rest api module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the oms module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the sales module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the sales quantity module
- base shop > import and export data >  upgrade modules > upgrade the sales split module

docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.md, after:

---
title: Install the Checkout Glue API
description: Learn how to install the Spryker Checkout Glue API for Spryker Cloud Commerce OS Order Management System for your Spryker project
template: feature-integration-guide-template
last_updated: Nov 21, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/202311.0/base-shop/install-and-update/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.html
related:
  - title: Install the Checkout feature
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-checkout-feature.html
  - title: Check out purchases
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/check-out/glue-api-check-out-purchases.html
  - title: Update payment data
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/check-out/glue-api-update-payment-data.html
  - title: Submit checkout data
    link: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/check-out/glue-api-submit-checkout-data.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202311.0/install-glue-api/install-the-checkout-glue-api.md -->
