docs/about/all/support/getting-the-most-out-of-spryker-support.md, before:

---
title: Getting the most out of Spryker Support
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: concept-topic-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/how-to-get-the-most-out-of-spryker-support
originalArticleId: 3ab286da-5f06-4035-bc52-0b0237ed410f
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/support/getting-the-most-out-of-spryker-support.html
related:
  - title: How Spryker Support works
    link: docs/about/all/support/how-spryker-support-works.html
  - title: How to use the Support Portal
    link: docs/about/all/support/using-the-support-portal.html
---

We are very proud to have outstanding First Response Times (currently, they average around 35 minutes in busy weeks). However, a first response seldom immediately includes the solution to your problem. So how can we shorten Case Resolution Time?

There are many of factors influencing [case resolution time](/docs/about/all/support/how-spryker-support-works.html#case-resolution-time). Some of them are determined by internal Spryker factor conditions, like availability of developer and engineering resources; others are external. One of these external factors is the question whether a case is immediately actionable. If a case contains all the information necessary for us to get working on it, it will be solved faster. How can you help us in this regard? Let's take a look at the form that is used to open a case with us:

We are very proud to have outstanding [first response times](/docs/about/all/support/how-spryker-support-works.html#first-response-time) (currently they average at around 35 Minutes in busy weeks), however, a first response does seldom immediately include the solution to your problem. So how can we shorten case resolution Time?

## Whitelist our email addresses

Quick response and resolution times are not worth much if our messages cannot reach you. Spam Filters are useful; however, sometimes, they are too aggressive. Be on the save side and whitelist the following email addresses that we use to get in touch or to send notifications your way

    support@spryker.com

    noreply@spryker.com

If you are not sure how you can whitelist these email addresses, forward this request to your IT department or help desk. They will know how it can be done.

<!--
![image.png](https://cdn.document360.io/9fafa0d5-d76f-40c5-8b02-ab9515d3e879/Images/Documentation/image%28136%29.png)

*Photo by [@Startup-Stock-Photos](https://www.pexels.com/@startup-stock-photos)*

-->

## Provide all the information

The goal of every ambitious support team is to increase the number of tickets that can be solved with the first engagement. The ideal support case is opened with all the information needed to assess, reproduce, and solve the problem. The first response can then already include the solution to the problem.

For a product as complex as Spryker and our ecosystem, this is tremendously difficult to achieve for any but the most basic questions or known issues. Nevertheless, we strive to reduce the interactions necessary to solve a case. We do this to avoid taking too much of your time writing emails back and forth. To be successful in reducing the interactions necessary to solve a case, we need your help.

When you include all the information we regularly need to assess a case, we are on to a good start. Here are the most important pieces of information that should go into any ticket you open with us.

| INFORMATION | QUESTIONS THAT HELP YOU | EXPLANATION |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Prerequisites and steps to reproduce | What prerequisites must be met, so they can see the problem occures? Am I using Spryker Suite/B2B/B2C Demo Shop? Am I using Spryker hosting? What project-level adjustments have been made that might have an influence on the problem? What do they need to do, step by step, to arrive at the same point as me and see the error? | For a new issue, one of the first steps we do is trying to reproduce it in our latest version of Spryker. In order to do so quickly and targeted, we need clear, step-by-step instructions. Occasionally, we will ask you to provide your `composer.lock` file. This file also contains all the version information for all the components and models you are using and is very helpful in diagnosing more complex problems. It might seem tedious, but providing a good description of how we can reproduce your problem is the biggest time saver.|
| Expected behavior | What did I expect would happen if I executed the actions described above? | Sometimes, it is just not obvious enough that the outcome you expected and tell us helps us avoid misdiagnosing an issue or research in the wrong direction.  |
| Actual behavior | What was the unexpected thing that happened? Where there any error messages? What happened that should not have happened? | This is what we will look out for when we are reproducing your issue. Please be specific and precise and share error messages. |
| Your contact details | Did I write my email address correctly? Is it ideally the one that we included in our SLA as a named contact? | It might sound strange, however, misspelled email addresses are almost impossible to detect from a support perspective and can immediately introduce a communication problem.  |
| The Company this issue applies to | Am I a Spryker partner, and the issue impacts a customer of mine? Or is this a Spryker-led project, and I am a direct customer of Spryker? | This information is important so that we can map the correct SLA for you and know exactly with whom to speak in Spryker to get more contextual information on your case. It makes a big difference for us, so please always include info that tells us who company impacted by the problem |
| Cloud | Am I using Spryker’s PaaS offering, or is the shop hosted elsewhere? | If you are using Spryker’s PaaS offering, this is an important piece of information to include in your case. Since you are hosted with us, we can coordinate closely with our DevOps during the investigation and might not have to ask as many questions regarding your setup as we might need to if you are hosted elsewhere. |
| Type of issue | Is this an infrastructure issue, or is this a software issue? | If you are a Spryker PaaS customer, you are benefiting from strict SLA times, and we want to know immediately if you suspect that there is something wrong with our PaaS offering. Inform us if you suspect your issue to be hosting-related. If you suspect your problem is software-related, it might save us time and allow us to exclude infrastructure as a factor. |

If you include all of the above, your chances of getting a fast resolution of your problems without much back and forth are significantly higher because we can concentrate on what matters and have all the info readily available.

## Avoid out-of-band communication

We know the temptation and we mostly have done the same from time to time. If you have a pressing measure, the temptation is great to reach out to several people at the same time, over different channels, to make sure that your message is heard.

The bad news is that much more often than not, this will achieve quite the opposite of what you are going for. The undoubtedly engaged, highly motivated people you messaged will scramble and try to get things done for you without clear coordination. Things will be done multiple times, wasting time and energy and creating confusion.

With Spryker Support, it is not necessary to send a message to multiple people by various channels, because we will do that for you. We have clearly defined escalation rules (for an overview, look here) that make sure that every important stakeholder is informed. Raising a case with us also ensures SLA coverage, orderly tracking of all communication in a central, audited, and secure place. By only using our official points of contact to raise cases with us, you are doing us and yourself a big favor.

## Provide feedback
<!--
![image.png](https://cdn.document360.io/9fafa0d5-d76f-40c5-8b02-ab9515d3e879/Images/Documentation/image%28135%29.png)
*Photo by [athree23](https://pixabay.com/de/users/athree23-6195572/)*
-->
We want to measure ourselves to your high standards and exceed expectations. One important step towards our goal of providing the best support experience in the industry is receiving feedback. When we close a case with you, the notification email includes a link to a short survey. Please provide honest, stern feedback. Tell us how satisfied you are with our service and how easy or hard for you to work together with us. Do you have additional comments? Great! The survey also includes a comment field so you can include your feedback there.

We take your feedback very seriously. Our Support Lead will read and follow up on your feedback.

Commit message:

About All Support SEO Updates
Changed the following pages meta descriptions for an SEO update

- GDPR Compliance Guidelines
- Getting Support
- Getting the most out of Spryker support
- How spryker support works
- Preparing for heavy loads and traffic
- Prioritizing support cases
- Project level and core level fixes
- Share secretes with the Spryker support team
- Support case escalations
- Support ticket statuses
- Understanding SLAs
- Using the support portal

docs/about/all/support/getting-the-most-out-of-spryker-support.md, after:

---
title: Getting the most out of Spryker Support
description: Find help and guidance on how to get the most out of Spryker Support, including tips on issue reporting, contacting support, and maximizing resources.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: concept-topic-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/how-to-get-the-most-out-of-spryker-support
originalArticleId: 3ab286da-5f06-4035-bc52-0b0237ed410f
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/support/getting-the-most-out-of-spryker-support.html
related:
  - title: How Spryker Support works
    link: docs/about/all/support/how-spryker-support-works.html
  - title: How to use the Support Portal
    link: docs/about/all/support/using-the-support-portal.html
---

We are very proud to have outstanding First Response Times (currently, they average around 35 minutes in busy weeks). However, a first response seldom immediately includes the solution to your problem. So how can we shorten Case Resolution Time?

There are many of factors influencing [case resolution time](/docs/about/all/support/how-spryker-support-works.html#case-resolution-time). Some of them are determined by internal Spryker factor conditions, like availability of developer and engineering resources; others are external. One of these external factors is the question whether a case is immediately actionable. If a case contains all the information necessary for us to get working on it, it will be solved faster. How can you help us in this regard? Let's take a look at the form that is used to open a case with us:

We are very proud to have outstanding [first response times](/docs/about/all/support/how-spryker-support-works.html#first-response-time) (currently they average at around 35 Minutes in busy weeks), however, a first response does seldom immediately include the solution to your problem. So how can we shorten case resolution Time?

## Whitelist our email addresses

Quick response and resolution times are not worth much if our messages cannot reach you. Spam Filters are useful; however, sometimes, they are too aggressive. Be on the save side and whitelist the following email addresses that we use to get in touch or to send notifications your way

    support@spryker.com

    noreply@spryker.com

If you are not sure how you can whitelist these email addresses, forward this request to your IT department or help desk. They will know how it can be done.

<!--
![image.png](https://cdn.document360.io/9fafa0d5-d76f-40c5-8b02-ab9515d3e879/Images/Documentation/image%28136%29.png)

*Photo by [@Startup-Stock-Photos](https://www.pexels.com/@startup-stock-photos)*

-->

## Provide all the information

The goal of every ambitious support team is to increase the number of tickets that can be solved with the first engagement. The ideal support case is opened with all the information needed to assess, reproduce, and solve the problem. The first response can then already include the solution to the problem.

For a product as complex as Spryker and our ecosystem, this is tremendously difficult to achieve for any but the most basic questions or known issues. Nevertheless, we strive to reduce the interactions necessary to solve a case. We do this to avoid taking too much of your time writing emails back and forth. To be successful in reducing the interactions necessary to solve a case, we need your help.

When you include all the information we regularly need to assess a case, we are on to a good start. Here are the most important pieces of information that should go into any ticket you open with us.

| INFORMATION | QUESTIONS THAT HELP YOU | EXPLANATION |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Prerequisites and steps to reproduce | What prerequisites must be met, so they can see the problem occures? Am I using Spryker Suite/B2B/B2C Demo Shop? Am I using Spryker hosting? What project-level adjustments have been made that might have an influence on the problem? What do they need to do, step by step, to arrive at the same point as me and see the error? | For a new issue, one of the first steps we do is trying to reproduce it in our latest version of Spryker. In order to do so quickly and targeted, we need clear, step-by-step instructions. Occasionally, we will ask you to provide your `composer.lock` file. This file also contains all the version information for all the components and models you are using and is very helpful in diagnosing more complex problems. It might seem tedious, but providing a good description of how we can reproduce your problem is the biggest time saver.|
| Expected behavior | What did I expect would happen if I executed the actions described above? | Sometimes, it is just not obvious enough that the outcome you expected and tell us helps us avoid misdiagnosing an issue or research in the wrong direction.  |
| Actual behavior | What was the unexpected thing that happened? Where there any error messages? What happened that should not have happened? | This is what we will look out for when we are reproducing your issue. Please be specific and precise and share error messages. |
| Your contact details | Did I write my email address correctly? Is it ideally the one that we included in our SLA as a named contact? | It might sound strange, however, misspelled email addresses are almost impossible to detect from a support perspective and can immediately introduce a communication problem.  |
| The Company this issue applies to | Am I a Spryker partner, and the issue impacts a customer of mine? Or is this a Spryker-led project, and I am a direct customer of Spryker? | This information is important so that we can map the correct SLA for you and know exactly with whom to speak in Spryker to get more contextual information on your case. It makes a big difference for us, so please always include info that tells us who company impacted by the problem |
| Cloud | Am I using Spryker’s PaaS offering, or is the shop hosted elsewhere? | If you are using Spryker’s PaaS offering, this is an important piece of information to include in your case. Since you are hosted with us, we can coordinate closely with our DevOps during the investigation and might not have to ask as many questions regarding your setup as we might need to if you are hosted elsewhere. |
| Type of issue | Is this an infrastructure issue, or is this a software issue? | If you are a Spryker PaaS customer, you are benefiting from strict SLA times, and we want to know immediately if you suspect that there is something wrong with our PaaS offering. Inform us if you suspect your issue to be hosting-related. If you suspect your problem is software-related, it might save us time and allow us to exclude infrastructure as a factor. |

If you include all of the above, your chances of getting a fast resolution of your problems without much back and forth are significantly higher because we can concentrate on what matters and have all the info readily available.

## Avoid out-of-band communication

We know the temptation and we mostly have done the same from time to time. If you have a pressing measure, the temptation is great to reach out to several people at the same time, over different channels, to make sure that your message is heard.

The bad news is that much more often than not, this will achieve quite the opposite of what you are going for. The undoubtedly engaged, highly motivated people you messaged will scramble and try to get things done for you without clear coordination. Things will be done multiple times, wasting time and energy and creating confusion.

With Spryker Support, it is not necessary to send a message to multiple people by various channels, because we will do that for you. We have clearly defined escalation rules (for an overview, look here) that make sure that every important stakeholder is informed. Raising a case with us also ensures SLA coverage, orderly tracking of all communication in a central, audited, and secure place. By only using our official points of contact to raise cases with us, you are doing us and yourself a big favor.

## Provide feedback
<!--
![image.png](https://cdn.document360.io/9fafa0d5-d76f-40c5-8b02-ab9515d3e879/Images/Documentation/image%28135%29.png)
*Photo by [athree23](https://pixabay.com/de/users/athree23-6195572/)*
-->
We want to measure ourselves to your high standards and exceed expectations. One important step towards our goal of providing the best support experience in the industry is receiving feedback. When we close a case with you, the notification email includes a link to a short survey. Please provide honest, stern feedback. Tell us how satisfied you are with our service and how easy or hard for you to work together with us. Do you have additional comments? Great! The survey also includes a comment field so you can include your feedback there.

We take your feedback very seriously. Our Support Lead will read and follow up on your feedback.
