docs/pbc/all/request-for-quote/202410.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quoterequestpage-module.md, before:

---
title: Upgrade the QuoteRequestPage module
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-quoterequestpage
originalArticleId: 49398eed-5f0b-48db-a915-14f70ee81a82
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /docs/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /docs/en/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v3/docs/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v4/docs/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v5/docs/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v6/docs/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-quoterequestpage.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-quoterequestpage.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-quoterequestpage.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-quoterequestpage.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-quoterequestpage.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-quoterequestpage.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/request-for-quote/202204.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quoterequestpage-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quoterequestpage-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quoterequestpage-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC RFQ SEO Update
meta desc changed for the following pages under RFQ;
- install and upgrade > install features > install thte quoatation process approvval process feature
- install and upgrade > install features > install the quotation process feature
- install and upgrade > install features > install the quotation process glue api
- install and upgrade > install features > install the quotation process multople carts feature
- install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the quoterequest module
- install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the quote request agent module
- install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the quote request agent page module
- install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the quote request agent widget module
- install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the quote request page module
- install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the quote request widget module
- request for quote
- use cases request for quote processes

docs/pbc/all/request-for-quote/202410.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quoterequestpage-module.md, after:

---
title: Upgrade the QuoteRequestPage module
description: Learn how to upgrade to a newer version of the Quote Request page module in your Spryker based projects.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-quoterequestpage
originalArticleId: 49398eed-5f0b-48db-a915-14f70ee81a82
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /docs/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /docs/en/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v3/docs/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v4/docs/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v5/docs/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v6/docs/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-quoterequestpage
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-quoterequestpage.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-quoterequestpage.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-quoterequestpage.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-quoterequestpage.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-quoterequestpage.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-quoterequestpage.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/request-for-quote/202204.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quoterequestpage-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quoterequestpage-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-quoterequestpage-module.md -->
