docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-locale-module.md, before:

---
title: Upgrade the Locale module
description: Use the guide to perform the Locale part of the Silex Migration Effort.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/migration-guide-locale
originalArticleId: 0566d4d5-bb4d-4079-a74f-f50e2f02ef32
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/migration-guide-locale
  - /2021080/docs/en/migration-guide-locale
  - /docs/migration-guide-locale
  - /docs/en/migration-guide-locale
  - /v5/docs/migration-guide-locale
  - /v5/docs/en/migration-guide-locale
  - /v6/docs/migration-guide-locale
  - /v6/docs/en/migration-guide-locale
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-locale.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-locale.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-locale.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-locale.html
---
{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-locale-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-locale-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC DMS SEO Update
changed the meta description for the following pages for an SEO update;
- add fields to back office forms
- delete stores
- dynamic multistore feature overview
- dynamic multistore
-install and upgrade > install features > install dynamic multistore
-install and upgrade > install the dynamic multistore glue api
-install and upgrade >  upgrade modules > upgrade the country module
-install and upgrade >  upgrade modules > upgrade the currency module
-install and upgrade >  upgrade modules > upgrade the locale module

docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-locale-module.md, after:

---
title: Upgrade the Locale module
description: Learn how to upgrade to a newer version of the Dynamic multi store locale module within your Spryker project.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/migration-guide-locale
originalArticleId: 0566d4d5-bb4d-4079-a74f-f50e2f02ef32
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/migration-guide-locale
  - /2021080/docs/en/migration-guide-locale
  - /docs/migration-guide-locale
  - /docs/en/migration-guide-locale
  - /v5/docs/migration-guide-locale
  - /v5/docs/en/migration-guide-locale
  - /v6/docs/migration-guide-locale
  - /v6/docs/en/migration-guide-locale
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-locale.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-locale.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-locale.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-locale.html
---
{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-locale-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-locale-module.md -->
