docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-currency-module.md, before:

---
title: Upgrade the Currency module
description: Use the guide to update versions to the newer ones of the Currency module.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-currency
originalArticleId: 9f4fb3f2-3ab9-42fd-9fd0-dda4131e8444
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-currency
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /docs/mg-currency
  - /docs/en/mg-currency
  - /v1/docs/mg-currency
  - /v1/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /v2/docs/mg-currency
  - /v2/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /v3/docs/mg-currency
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /v4/docs/mg-currency
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /v5/docs/mg-currency
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /v6/docs/mg-currency
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-currency.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-currency.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-currency.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-currency.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-currency.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-currency.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202311.0/migration-guide-currency.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-currency-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-currency-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC DMS SEO Update
changed the meta description for the following pages for an SEO update;
- add fields to back office forms
- delete stores
- dynamic multistore feature overview
- dynamic multistore
-install and upgrade > install features > install dynamic multistore
-install and upgrade > install the dynamic multistore glue api
-install and upgrade >  upgrade modules > upgrade the country module
-install and upgrade >  upgrade modules > upgrade the currency module
-install and upgrade >  upgrade modules > upgrade the locale module

docs/pbc/all/dynamic-multistore/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-currency-module.md, after:

---
title: Upgrade the Currency module
description: Learn how to upgrade to a newer version of the Dynamic multi store currency module within your Spryker project.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-currency
originalArticleId: 9f4fb3f2-3ab9-42fd-9fd0-dda4131e8444
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-currency
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /docs/mg-currency
  - /docs/en/mg-currency
  - /v1/docs/mg-currency
  - /v1/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /v2/docs/mg-currency
  - /v2/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /v3/docs/mg-currency
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /v4/docs/mg-currency
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /v5/docs/mg-currency
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /v6/docs/mg-currency
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-currency
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-currency.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-currency.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-currency.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-currency.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-currency.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-currency.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202311.0/migration-guide-currency.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-currency-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-currency-module.md -->
