docs/ca/devscu/get-access-to-spryker-code-upgrader.md, before:

---
title: Get access to Spryker Code Upgrader
description: Get your project ready and start upgrading with Spryker Code Upgrader
template: concept-topic-template
last_updated: May 8, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/paas-plus/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader.html
  - /docs/paas-plus/dev/onboarding-to-paas-plus.html
  - /docs/scu/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader.html
---

To get access to the Upgrader, take the following steps.

## Get invited to your workspace

To get started, provide us with the email of your cloud admin. The admin user will be a super user. They will be able to change repositories and invite new users to their workspace.

Once we receive the admin's email address, we will provision a workspace and send you an email invitation.

## Go to your workspace

You receive an email with a one-time invitation token, but your invitation is always active when you sign in at [Spryker CI](https://buddy.works/). Create your account and accept the invitation to the workspace.

![Spryker CI invitation](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader.md/spryker-ci-invitation.png)

## View the projects in your workspace

Your workspace contains the Spryker Code Upgrader project.

![Projects](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader.md/projects.png)

## Next step

[Connect the Upgrader to your project](/docs/ca/devscu/connect-spryker-code-upgrader/connect-spryker-code-upgrader-to-your-project.html)

Commit message:

Clooud Admin DevSCU SEO Update
Changed Meta Description for Cloud Upgrader for SEO Updates.

docs/ca/devscu/get-access-to-spryker-code-upgrader.md, after:

---
title: Get access to Spryker Code Upgrader
description: Get access to Spryker Code Upgrader by inviting a cloud admin to your workspace, allowing you to manage repositories and begin project integration.
template: concept-topic-template
last_updated: May 8, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/paas-plus/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader.html
  - /docs/paas-plus/dev/onboarding-to-paas-plus.html
  - /docs/scu/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader.html
---

To get access to the Upgrader, take the following steps.

## Get invited to your workspace

To get started, provide us with the email of your cloud admin. The admin user will be a super user. They will be able to change repositories and invite new users to their workspace.

Once we receive the admin's email address, we will provision a workspace and send you an email invitation.

## Go to your workspace

You receive an email with a one-time invitation token, but your invitation is always active when you sign in at [Spryker CI](https://buddy.works/). Create your account and accept the invitation to the workspace.

![Spryker CI invitation](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader.md/spryker-ci-invitation.png)

## View the projects in your workspace

Your workspace contains the Spryker Code Upgrader project.

![Projects](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader.md/projects.png)

## Next step

[Connect the Upgrader to your project](/docs/ca/devscu/connect-spryker-code-upgrader/connect-spryker-code-upgrader-to-your-project.html)
