docs/ca/devscu/spryker-code-upgrader.md, before:

---
title: Spryker Code Upgrader
description: Spryker Code Upgrader is a key to easy upgrades
template: concept-topic-template
last_updated: Dec 13, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/paas-plus/dev/spryker-code-upgrader.html
  - /docs/paas-plus/dev/platform-as-a-service-plus.html
  - /docs/scu/dev/spryker-ci.html
  - /docs/scu/dev/spryker-code-upgrader.html
---

Keeping enterprise software up-to-date is a known hurdle, especially when it comes to sophisticated transactional business models with complex customizations. Current upgrade strategies often require a high investment of time, resources, and money that projects would rather spend on innovation. At the same time, low upgrade frequency comes with reduced access to security, improvements, patches, and new features. Spryker Code Upgrader (the Upgrader) addresses the challenges of an application's upgradability. The Upgrader is a combination of the upgrade tool and Spryker CI.


<div class="mxgraph" style="max-width:100%;border:1px solid transparent;" data-mxgraph="{&quot;highlight&quot;:&quot;#0000ff&quot;,&quot;nav&quot;:true,&quot;resize&quot;:true,&quot;toolbar&quot;:&quot;zoom layers tags lightbox&quot;,&quot;edit&quot;:&quot;_blank&quot;,&quot;xml&quot;:&quot;&lt;mxfile host=\&quot;app.diagrams.net\&quot; modified=\&quot;2024-01-23T13:56:41.274Z\&quot; agent=\&quot;Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_7) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/120.0.0.0 Safari/537.36\&quot; etag=\&quot;PUJlNNPWc4YgVjfOr72Y\&quot; version=\&quot;21.3.8\&quot;&gt;\n  &lt;diagram id=\&quot;NvTWP8xofPxnaWZ04tKp\&quot; name=\&quot;Page-1\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;mxGraphModel dx=\&quot;1221\&quot; dy=\&quot;729\&quot; grid=\&quot;1\&quot; gridSize=\&quot;10\&quot; guides=\&quot;1\&quot; tooltips=\&quot;1\&quot; connect=\&quot;1\&quot; arrows=\&quot;1\&quot; fold=\&quot;1\&quot; page=\&quot;1\&quot; pageScale=\&quot;1\&quot; pageWidth=\&quot;850\&quot; pageHeight=\&quot;1100\&quot; math=\&quot;0\&quot; shadow=\&quot;0\&quot;&gt;\n      &lt;root&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;0\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;1\&quot; parent=\&quot;0\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-1\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=none;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;295\&quot; y=\&quot;80\&quot; width=\&quot;260\&quot; height=\&quot;290\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-2\&quot; value=\&quot;Spryker Cloud Commerce OS\&quot; style=\&quot;text;html=1;strokeColor=none;fillColor=none;align=center;verticalAlign=middle;whiteSpace=wrap;rounded=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;325\&quot; y=\&quot;50\&quot; width=\&quot;200\&quot; height=\&quot;30\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-3\&quot; value=\&quot;Spryker Cloud\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#e1d5e7;strokeColor=#9673a6;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;315\&quot; y=\&quot;270\&quot; width=\&quot;220\&quot; height=\&quot;80\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-6\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;Spryker Code Upgrader&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#d5e8d4;strokeColor=#82b366;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;315\&quot; y=\&quot;90\&quot; width=\&quot;220\&quot; height=\&quot;150\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-4\&quot; value=\&quot;Spryker CI\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;385\&quot; y=\&quot;220\&quot; width=\&quot;80\&quot; height=\&quot;70\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-7\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;Upgrade tool&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#d5e8d4;strokeColor=#F19C99;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;445\&quot; y=\&quot;140\&quot; width=\&quot;80\&quot; height=\&quot;70\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-8\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;Upgradability Guidelines&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=none;strokeColor=#336600;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;325\&quot; y=\&quot;140\&quot; width=\&quot;80\&quot; height=\&quot;70\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n      &lt;/root&gt;\n    &lt;/mxGraphModel&gt;\n  &lt;/diagram&gt;\n&lt;/mxfile&gt;\n&quot;}"></div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://viewer.diagrams.net/js/viewer-static.min.js"></script>


## Upgrade tool

The upgrade tool evaluates the code of a project and compares it to the latest Spryker release. Then, it creates a PR with updated modules, which you can process as part of your development workflow.

## Spryker CI

Spryker CI is powered by [Buddy](https://buddy.works/) and provides an intuitive UI for a seamless CI/CD experience. It enables the upgrade tool to deliver continuous upgrades to your project.

### CI pipelines

Spryker CI ships with an upgrade tool pipeline per project. The pipelines are used to automate the process of running the upgrade tool.

<div class="mxgraph" style="max-width:100%;border:1px solid transparent;" data-mxgraph="{&quot;highlight&quot;:&quot;#0000ff&quot;,&quot;nav&quot;:true,&quot;resize&quot;:true,&quot;toolbar&quot;:&quot;zoom layers tags lightbox&quot;,&quot;edit&quot;:&quot;_blank&quot;,&quot;xml&quot;:&quot;&lt;mxfile host=\&quot;app.diagrams.net\&quot; modified=\&quot;2024-01-23T13:52:08.679Z\&quot; agent=\&quot;Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_7) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/120.0.0.0 Safari/537.36\&quot; etag=\&quot;cyEY-3MpNf2PVPQML75k\&quot; version=\&quot;21.3.8\&quot;&gt;\n  &lt;diagram id=\&quot;YOF7cwotLgo8Ar9nJoRM\&quot; name=\&quot;Page-1\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;mxGraphModel dx=\&quot;1221\&quot; dy=\&quot;729\&quot; grid=\&quot;1\&quot; gridSize=\&quot;10\&quot; guides=\&quot;1\&quot; tooltips=\&quot;1\&quot; connect=\&quot;1\&quot; arrows=\&quot;1\&quot; fold=\&quot;1\&quot; page=\&quot;1\&quot; pageScale=\&quot;1\&quot; pageWidth=\&quot;850\&quot; pageHeight=\&quot;1100\&quot; math=\&quot;0\&quot; shadow=\&quot;0\&quot;&gt;\n      &lt;root&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;0\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;1\&quot; parent=\&quot;0\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-2\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=0;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;dashed=1;dashPattern=12 12;fontSize=20;fillColor=#d5e8d4;strokeColor=#82b366;glass=0;opacity=60;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;200\&quot; y=\&quot;290\&quot; width=\&quot;448\&quot; height=\&quot;190\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-3\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=0;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;dashed=1;dashPattern=12 12;opacity=60;fillColor=#f5f5f5;fontColor=#333333;strokeColor=#666666;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;450\&quot; y=\&quot;10\&quot; width=\&quot;198\&quot; height=\&quot;180\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-12\&quot; value=\&quot;Upgrader tool\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#f5f5f5;strokeColor=#666666;fontColor=#333333;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;489\&quot; y=\&quot;350\&quot; width=\&quot;120\&quot; height=\&quot;60\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-14\&quot; value=\&quot;Spryker CI\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#f5f5f5;fontColor=#333333;strokeColor=#666666;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;238\&quot; y=\&quot;350\&quot; width=\&quot;120\&quot; height=\&quot;60\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-15\&quot; value=\&quot;Code&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;repository\&quot; style=\&quot;shape=cylinder3;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;boundedLbl=1;backgroundOutline=1;size=15;fillColor=#ffe6cc;strokeColor=#d79b00;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;253\&quot; y=\&quot;45\&quot; width=\&quot;90\&quot; height=\&quot;110\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-16\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;endArrow=classic;html=1;rounded=0;exitX=0.5;exitY=1;exitDx=0;exitDy=0;exitPerimeter=0;entryX=0.5;entryY=0;entryDx=0;entryDy=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; source=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-15\&quot; target=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-14\&quot; edge=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry width=\&quot;50\&quot; height=\&quot;50\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;328\&quot; y=\&quot;500\&quot; as=\&quot;sourcePoint\&quot; /&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;378\&quot; y=\&quot;450\&quot; as=\&quot;targetPoint\&quot; /&gt;\n            &lt;Array as=\&quot;points\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-17\&quot; value=\&quot;1. Pull code\&quot; style=\&quot;edgeLabel;html=1;align=center;verticalAlign=middle;resizable=0;points=[];\&quot; parent=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-16\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot; connectable=\&quot;0\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;-0.2333\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint y=\&quot;-10\&quot; as=\&quot;offset\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-18\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;endArrow=classic;html=1;rounded=0;exitX=1;exitY=0.5;exitDx=0;exitDy=0;entryX=0;entryY=0.5;entryDx=0;entryDy=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; source=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-14\&quot; target=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-12\&quot; edge=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry width=\&quot;50\&quot; height=\&quot;50\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;583\&quot; y=\&quot;370\&quot; as=\&quot;sourcePoint\&quot; /&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;463\&quot; y=\&quot;340\&quot; as=\&quot;targetPoint\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-19\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;amp;nbsp;2. Trigger Upgrader&amp;amp;nbsp;\&quot; style=\&quot;edgeLabel;html=1;align=center;verticalAlign=middle;resizable=0;points=[];\&quot; parent=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-18\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot; connectable=\&quot;0\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;-0.0286\&quot; y=\&quot;-2\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;-2\&quot; y=\&quot;-2\&quot; as=\&quot;offset\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-20\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;endArrow=classic;html=1;rounded=0;entryX=0.5;entryY=0;entryDx=0;entryDy=0;exitX=0.5;exitY=1;exitDx=0;exitDy=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; target=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-12\&quot; edge=\&quot;1\&quot; source=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-2\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry width=\&quot;50\&quot; height=\&quot;50\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;498\&quot; y=\&quot;160\&quot; as=\&quot;sourcePoint\&quot; /&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;468\&quot; y=\&quot;70\&quot; as=\&quot;targetPoint\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-21\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;amp;nbsp;3. Pull release&amp;amp;nbsp;\&quot; style=\&quot;edgeLabel;html=1;align=center;verticalAlign=middle;resizable=0;points=[];\&quot; parent=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-20\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot; connectable=\&quot;0\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;-0.02\&quot; y=\&quot;3\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint as=\&quot;offset\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-28\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;amp;nbsp;4. Create branch &amp;amp;amp; PR&amp;amp;nbsp;\&quot; style=\&quot;endArrow=classic;html=1;rounded=0;exitX=0.1;exitY=0;exitDx=0;exitDy=0;exitPerimeter=0;entryX=1;entryY=1;entryDx=0;entryDy=-15;entryPerimeter=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; source=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-12\&quot; target=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-15\&quot; edge=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry width=\&quot;50\&quot; height=\&quot;50\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;440\&quot; y=\&quot;350\&quot; as=\&quot;sourcePoint\&quot; /&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;298\&quot; y=\&quot;192\&quot; as=\&quot;targetPoint\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-30\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 13px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 14px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 15px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 16px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 17px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 18px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 19px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 20px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;Release&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;\&quot; style=\&quot;text;html=1;strokeColor=none;fillColor=none;align=center;verticalAlign=middle;whiteSpace=wrap;rounded=0;dashed=1;dashPattern=12 12;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;398\&quot; y=\&quot;20\&quot; width=\&quot;300\&quot; height=\&quot;30\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-31\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 20px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;Spryker Code Upgrader&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;\&quot; style=\&quot;text;html=1;strokeColor=none;fillColor=none;align=center;verticalAlign=middle;whiteSpace=wrap;rounded=0;dashed=1;dashPattern=12 12;rotation=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;333\&quot; y=\&quot;430\&quot; width=\&quot;185\&quot; height=\&quot;30\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-3\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;rhombus;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#dae8fc;strokeColor=#6c8ebf;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;533\&quot; y=\&quot;70\&quot; width=\&quot;80\&quot; height=\&quot;80\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-4\&quot; style=\&quot;edgeStyle=orthogonalEdgeStyle;rounded=0;orthogonalLoop=1;jettySize=auto;html=1;exitX=1;exitY=1;exitDx=0;exitDy=0;entryX=1;entryY=0.5;entryDx=0;entryDy=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; source=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-2\&quot; target=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-1\&quot; edge=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-2\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;rhombus;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#dae8fc;strokeColor=#6c8ebf;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;508\&quot; y=\&quot;70\&quot; width=\&quot;80\&quot; height=\&quot;80\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-1\&quot; value=\&quot;Module X&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;Version Y\&quot; style=\&quot;rhombus;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#dae8fc;strokeColor=#6c8ebf;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;483\&quot; y=\&quot;70\&quot; width=\&quot;80\&quot; height=\&quot;80\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n      &lt;/root&gt;\n    &lt;/mxGraphModel&gt;\n  &lt;/diagram&gt;\n&lt;/mxfile&gt;\n&quot;}"></div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://viewer.diagrams.net/js/viewer-static.min.js"></script>


## Semi-automated upgrade process

Based on the upgrade schedule, the Upgrader checks the connected branch of your application's repository. If  updates were released since your last upgrade, the Upgrader creates a PR. The PR contains [minor and patch module versions](/docs/dg/dev/architecture/module-api/semantic-versioning-major-vs.-minor-vs.-patch-release.html), which you need to review and merge. If there are major updates, the PR will contain instructions for a manual upgrade.

You can change the upgrade schedule to better fit your development process.

## Availability of Spryker Code Upgrader

The Upgrader is shipped with PaaS+ in the EU and US regions.

## Next steps

[How Spryker Code Upgrader works](/docs/ca/devscu/how-spryker-code-upgrader-works.html)

Commit message:

Clooud Admin DevSCU SEO Update
Changed Meta Description for Cloud Upgrader for SEO Updates.

docs/ca/devscu/spryker-code-upgrader.md, after:

---
title: Spryker Code Upgrader
description: Spryker Code Upgrader automates code analysis, applies updates, and ensures compatibility with the latest releases, streamlining upgrades and improving project efficiency.
template: concept-topic-template
last_updated: Dec 13, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/paas-plus/dev/spryker-code-upgrader.html
  - /docs/paas-plus/dev/platform-as-a-service-plus.html
  - /docs/scu/dev/spryker-ci.html
  - /docs/scu/dev/spryker-code-upgrader.html
---

Keeping enterprise software up-to-date is a known hurdle, especially when it comes to sophisticated transactional business models with complex customizations. Current upgrade strategies often require a high investment of time, resources, and money that projects would rather spend on innovation. At the same time, low upgrade frequency comes with reduced access to security, improvements, patches, and new features. Spryker Code Upgrader (the Upgrader) addresses the challenges of an application's upgradability. The Upgrader is a combination of the upgrade tool and Spryker CI.


<div class="mxgraph" style="max-width:100%;border:1px solid transparent;" data-mxgraph="{&quot;highlight&quot;:&quot;#0000ff&quot;,&quot;nav&quot;:true,&quot;resize&quot;:true,&quot;toolbar&quot;:&quot;zoom layers tags lightbox&quot;,&quot;edit&quot;:&quot;_blank&quot;,&quot;xml&quot;:&quot;&lt;mxfile host=\&quot;app.diagrams.net\&quot; modified=\&quot;2024-01-23T13:56:41.274Z\&quot; agent=\&quot;Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_7) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/120.0.0.0 Safari/537.36\&quot; etag=\&quot;PUJlNNPWc4YgVjfOr72Y\&quot; version=\&quot;21.3.8\&quot;&gt;\n  &lt;diagram id=\&quot;NvTWP8xofPxnaWZ04tKp\&quot; name=\&quot;Page-1\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;mxGraphModel dx=\&quot;1221\&quot; dy=\&quot;729\&quot; grid=\&quot;1\&quot; gridSize=\&quot;10\&quot; guides=\&quot;1\&quot; tooltips=\&quot;1\&quot; connect=\&quot;1\&quot; arrows=\&quot;1\&quot; fold=\&quot;1\&quot; page=\&quot;1\&quot; pageScale=\&quot;1\&quot; pageWidth=\&quot;850\&quot; pageHeight=\&quot;1100\&quot; math=\&quot;0\&quot; shadow=\&quot;0\&quot;&gt;\n      &lt;root&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;0\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;1\&quot; parent=\&quot;0\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-1\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=none;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;295\&quot; y=\&quot;80\&quot; width=\&quot;260\&quot; height=\&quot;290\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-2\&quot; value=\&quot;Spryker Cloud Commerce OS\&quot; style=\&quot;text;html=1;strokeColor=none;fillColor=none;align=center;verticalAlign=middle;whiteSpace=wrap;rounded=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;325\&quot; y=\&quot;50\&quot; width=\&quot;200\&quot; height=\&quot;30\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-3\&quot; value=\&quot;Spryker Cloud\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#e1d5e7;strokeColor=#9673a6;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;315\&quot; y=\&quot;270\&quot; width=\&quot;220\&quot; height=\&quot;80\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-6\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;Spryker Code Upgrader&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#d5e8d4;strokeColor=#82b366;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;315\&quot; y=\&quot;90\&quot; width=\&quot;220\&quot; height=\&quot;150\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-4\&quot; value=\&quot;Spryker CI\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;385\&quot; y=\&quot;220\&quot; width=\&quot;80\&quot; height=\&quot;70\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-7\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;Upgrade tool&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#d5e8d4;strokeColor=#F19C99;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;445\&quot; y=\&quot;140\&quot; width=\&quot;80\&quot; height=\&quot;70\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;2xFd3kLSi6086pn2AJ-X-8\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;lt;div&amp;gt;Upgradability Guidelines&amp;lt;/div&amp;gt;\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=none;strokeColor=#336600;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;325\&quot; y=\&quot;140\&quot; width=\&quot;80\&quot; height=\&quot;70\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n      &lt;/root&gt;\n    &lt;/mxGraphModel&gt;\n  &lt;/diagram&gt;\n&lt;/mxfile&gt;\n&quot;}"></div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://viewer.diagrams.net/js/viewer-static.min.js"></script>


## Upgrade tool

The upgrade tool evaluates the code of a project and compares it to the latest Spryker release. Then, it creates a PR with updated modules, which you can process as part of your development workflow.

## Spryker CI

Spryker CI is powered by [Buddy](https://buddy.works/) and provides an intuitive UI for a seamless CI/CD experience. It enables the upgrade tool to deliver continuous upgrades to your project.

### CI pipelines

Spryker CI ships with an upgrade tool pipeline per project. The pipelines are used to automate the process of running the upgrade tool.

<div class="mxgraph" style="max-width:100%;border:1px solid transparent;" data-mxgraph="{&quot;highlight&quot;:&quot;#0000ff&quot;,&quot;nav&quot;:true,&quot;resize&quot;:true,&quot;toolbar&quot;:&quot;zoom layers tags lightbox&quot;,&quot;edit&quot;:&quot;_blank&quot;,&quot;xml&quot;:&quot;&lt;mxfile host=\&quot;app.diagrams.net\&quot; modified=\&quot;2024-01-23T13:52:08.679Z\&quot; agent=\&quot;Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_7) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/120.0.0.0 Safari/537.36\&quot; etag=\&quot;cyEY-3MpNf2PVPQML75k\&quot; version=\&quot;21.3.8\&quot;&gt;\n  &lt;diagram id=\&quot;YOF7cwotLgo8Ar9nJoRM\&quot; name=\&quot;Page-1\&quot;&gt;\n    &lt;mxGraphModel dx=\&quot;1221\&quot; dy=\&quot;729\&quot; grid=\&quot;1\&quot; gridSize=\&quot;10\&quot; guides=\&quot;1\&quot; tooltips=\&quot;1\&quot; connect=\&quot;1\&quot; arrows=\&quot;1\&quot; fold=\&quot;1\&quot; page=\&quot;1\&quot; pageScale=\&quot;1\&quot; pageWidth=\&quot;850\&quot; pageHeight=\&quot;1100\&quot; math=\&quot;0\&quot; shadow=\&quot;0\&quot;&gt;\n      &lt;root&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;0\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;1\&quot; parent=\&quot;0\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-2\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=0;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;dashed=1;dashPattern=12 12;fontSize=20;fillColor=#d5e8d4;strokeColor=#82b366;glass=0;opacity=60;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;200\&quot; y=\&quot;290\&quot; width=\&quot;448\&quot; height=\&quot;190\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-3\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=0;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;dashed=1;dashPattern=12 12;opacity=60;fillColor=#f5f5f5;fontColor=#333333;strokeColor=#666666;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;450\&quot; y=\&quot;10\&quot; width=\&quot;198\&quot; height=\&quot;180\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-12\&quot; value=\&quot;Upgrader tool\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#f5f5f5;strokeColor=#666666;fontColor=#333333;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;489\&quot; y=\&quot;350\&quot; width=\&quot;120\&quot; height=\&quot;60\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-14\&quot; value=\&quot;Spryker CI\&quot; style=\&quot;rounded=1;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#f5f5f5;fontColor=#333333;strokeColor=#666666;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;238\&quot; y=\&quot;350\&quot; width=\&quot;120\&quot; height=\&quot;60\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-15\&quot; value=\&quot;Code&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;repository\&quot; style=\&quot;shape=cylinder3;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;boundedLbl=1;backgroundOutline=1;size=15;fillColor=#ffe6cc;strokeColor=#d79b00;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;253\&quot; y=\&quot;45\&quot; width=\&quot;90\&quot; height=\&quot;110\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-16\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;endArrow=classic;html=1;rounded=0;exitX=0.5;exitY=1;exitDx=0;exitDy=0;exitPerimeter=0;entryX=0.5;entryY=0;entryDx=0;entryDy=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; source=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-15\&quot; target=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-14\&quot; edge=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry width=\&quot;50\&quot; height=\&quot;50\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;328\&quot; y=\&quot;500\&quot; as=\&quot;sourcePoint\&quot; /&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;378\&quot; y=\&quot;450\&quot; as=\&quot;targetPoint\&quot; /&gt;\n            &lt;Array as=\&quot;points\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-17\&quot; value=\&quot;1. Pull code\&quot; style=\&quot;edgeLabel;html=1;align=center;verticalAlign=middle;resizable=0;points=[];\&quot; parent=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-16\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot; connectable=\&quot;0\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;-0.2333\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint y=\&quot;-10\&quot; as=\&quot;offset\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-18\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;endArrow=classic;html=1;rounded=0;exitX=1;exitY=0.5;exitDx=0;exitDy=0;entryX=0;entryY=0.5;entryDx=0;entryDy=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; source=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-14\&quot; target=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-12\&quot; edge=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry width=\&quot;50\&quot; height=\&quot;50\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;583\&quot; y=\&quot;370\&quot; as=\&quot;sourcePoint\&quot; /&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;463\&quot; y=\&quot;340\&quot; as=\&quot;targetPoint\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-19\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;amp;nbsp;2. Trigger Upgrader&amp;amp;nbsp;\&quot; style=\&quot;edgeLabel;html=1;align=center;verticalAlign=middle;resizable=0;points=[];\&quot; parent=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-18\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot; connectable=\&quot;0\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;-0.0286\&quot; y=\&quot;-2\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;-2\&quot; y=\&quot;-2\&quot; as=\&quot;offset\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-20\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;endArrow=classic;html=1;rounded=0;entryX=0.5;entryY=0;entryDx=0;entryDy=0;exitX=0.5;exitY=1;exitDx=0;exitDy=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; target=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-12\&quot; edge=\&quot;1\&quot; source=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-2\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry width=\&quot;50\&quot; height=\&quot;50\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;498\&quot; y=\&quot;160\&quot; as=\&quot;sourcePoint\&quot; /&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;468\&quot; y=\&quot;70\&quot; as=\&quot;targetPoint\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-21\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;amp;nbsp;3. Pull release&amp;amp;nbsp;\&quot; style=\&quot;edgeLabel;html=1;align=center;verticalAlign=middle;resizable=0;points=[];\&quot; parent=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-20\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot; connectable=\&quot;0\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;-0.02\&quot; y=\&quot;3\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint as=\&quot;offset\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-28\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;amp;nbsp;4. Create branch &amp;amp;amp; PR&amp;amp;nbsp;\&quot; style=\&quot;endArrow=classic;html=1;rounded=0;exitX=0.1;exitY=0;exitDx=0;exitDy=0;exitPerimeter=0;entryX=1;entryY=1;entryDx=0;entryDy=-15;entryPerimeter=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; source=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-12\&quot; target=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-15\&quot; edge=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry width=\&quot;50\&quot; height=\&quot;50\&quot; relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot;&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;440\&quot; y=\&quot;350\&quot; as=\&quot;sourcePoint\&quot; /&gt;\n            &lt;mxPoint x=\&quot;298\&quot; y=\&quot;192\&quot; as=\&quot;targetPoint\&quot; /&gt;\n          &lt;/mxGeometry&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-30\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 13px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 14px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 15px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 16px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 17px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 18px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 19px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 20px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;Release&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;\&quot; style=\&quot;text;html=1;strokeColor=none;fillColor=none;align=center;verticalAlign=middle;whiteSpace=wrap;rounded=0;dashed=1;dashPattern=12 12;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;398\&quot; y=\&quot;20\&quot; width=\&quot;300\&quot; height=\&quot;30\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;7zU6aH-iSb-510nOlHNE-31\&quot; value=\&quot;&amp;lt;font style=&amp;quot;font-size: 20px;&amp;quot;&amp;gt;Spryker Code Upgrader&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/font&amp;gt;\&quot; style=\&quot;text;html=1;strokeColor=none;fillColor=none;align=center;verticalAlign=middle;whiteSpace=wrap;rounded=0;dashed=1;dashPattern=12 12;rotation=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;333\&quot; y=\&quot;430\&quot; width=\&quot;185\&quot; height=\&quot;30\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-3\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;rhombus;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#dae8fc;strokeColor=#6c8ebf;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;533\&quot; y=\&quot;70\&quot; width=\&quot;80\&quot; height=\&quot;80\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-4\&quot; style=\&quot;edgeStyle=orthogonalEdgeStyle;rounded=0;orthogonalLoop=1;jettySize=auto;html=1;exitX=1;exitY=1;exitDx=0;exitDy=0;entryX=1;entryY=0.5;entryDx=0;entryDy=0;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; source=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-2\&quot; target=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-1\&quot; edge=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry relative=\&quot;1\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-2\&quot; value=\&quot;\&quot; style=\&quot;rhombus;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#dae8fc;strokeColor=#6c8ebf;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;508\&quot; y=\&quot;70\&quot; width=\&quot;80\&quot; height=\&quot;80\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n        &lt;mxCell id=\&quot;GvEFKV6dZ3jtKlVLPWkN-1\&quot; value=\&quot;Module X&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;Version Y\&quot; style=\&quot;rhombus;whiteSpace=wrap;html=1;fillColor=#dae8fc;strokeColor=#6c8ebf;\&quot; parent=\&quot;1\&quot; vertex=\&quot;1\&quot;&gt;\n          &lt;mxGeometry x=\&quot;483\&quot; y=\&quot;70\&quot; width=\&quot;80\&quot; height=\&quot;80\&quot; as=\&quot;geometry\&quot; /&gt;\n        &lt;/mxCell&gt;\n      &lt;/root&gt;\n    &lt;/mxGraphModel&gt;\n  &lt;/diagram&gt;\n&lt;/mxfile&gt;\n&quot;}"></div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://viewer.diagrams.net/js/viewer-static.min.js"></script>


## Semi-automated upgrade process

Based on the upgrade schedule, the Upgrader checks the connected branch of your application's repository. If  updates were released since your last upgrade, the Upgrader creates a PR. The PR contains [minor and patch module versions](/docs/dg/dev/architecture/module-api/semantic-versioning-major-vs.-minor-vs.-patch-release.html), which you need to review and merge. If there are major updates, the PR will contain instructions for a manual upgrade.

You can change the upgrade schedule to better fit your development process.

## Availability of Spryker Code Upgrader

The Upgrader is shipped with PaaS+ in the EU and US regions.

## Next steps

[How Spryker Code Upgrader works](/docs/ca/devscu/how-spryker-code-upgrader-works.html)
