docs/pbc/all/price-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproduct-module.md, before:

---
title: Upgrade the PriceProduct module
description: Use the guide to migrate to a newer version of the PriceProduct module.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-priceproduct
originalArticleId: 40887521-7ada-48da-b160-7c9152e6a0a8
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /v1/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /v1/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /v2/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /v2/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /v3/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /v4/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /v5/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /v6/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202311.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - /module_migration_guides/mg-priceproduct.htm
  - /docs/pbc/all/price-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproduct-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproduct-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproduct-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC Price Management SEO Update
Changed meta descriptions for some pages within the pbc > all > price management > 202410.0 folder. This is for an SEO update.

docs/pbc/all/price-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproduct-module.md, after:

---
title: Upgrade the PriceProduct module
description: Use the guide to migrate to a newer version of the PriceProduct module within your Spryker based projects.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-priceproduct
originalArticleId: 40887521-7ada-48da-b160-7c9152e6a0a8
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /2021080/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /v1/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /v1/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /v2/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /v2/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /v3/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /v3/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /v4/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /v4/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /v5/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /v5/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - /v6/docs/mg-priceproduct
  - /v6/docs/en/mg-priceproduct
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202311.0/migration-guide-priceproduct.html
  - /module_migration_guides/mg-priceproduct.htm
  - /docs/pbc/all/price-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproduct-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproduct-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-priceproduct-module.md -->
