docs/pbc/all/user-management/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-users-in-the-back-office.md, before:

---
title: Manage users in the Back Office
description: Learn how to log into the Back Office.
last_updated: Apr 13, 2023
template: back-office-user-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/user-management/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.html
---

This section contains the guides on managing users in the Back Office:

* [Best practices: Manage users and their permissions with roles and groups](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/best-practices-manage-users-and-their-permissions-with-roles-and-groups.html)
* [Create users](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-users/create-users.html)
* [Create user roles](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-user-roles/create-user-roles.html)
* [Create user groups](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-user-groups/create-user-groups.html)


{% include pbc/all/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.md -->

## Next steps

* [Best practices: Manage users and their permissions with roles and groups](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/best-practices-manage-users-and-their-permissions-with-roles-and-groups.html)
* [Create users](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-users/create-users.html)
* [Create user roles](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-user-roles/create-user-roles.html)
* [Create user groups](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-user-groups/create-user-groups.html)

Commit message:

PBC User Management SEO Update
Meta desc changed for the following pages;
- base shop > install and upgrade > install the agent assist glue api
- base shop > install and upgrade > install the agent assist shopping list feature
- base shop > manage in the back office > manage user groups > create user groups
- base shop > manage in the back office > manage user groups > edit user groups
- base shop > manage in the back office > manage user roles > create user roles
- base shop > manage in the back office > manage user roles > edit user roles
- base shop > manage in the back office > manage users in the back office
- base shop > manage in the back office > manage users > create users
- base shop > manage in the back office > manage users > delete users
- base shop > manage in the back office > manage users > edit users
- base shop > manage using glue api > glie api impersonate customers as an agent assist
- marketplace > back office create users
- marketplace > persistence acl feature domain model and relationshops
- marketplace > persistence acl feature overview > persistence acl feature configuration
- user management

docs/pbc/all/user-management/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-users-in-the-back-office.md, after:

---
title: Manage users in the Back Office
description: Learn how you can manager user directly in the back office of Spryker Cloud Commerce OS projects.
last_updated: Apr 13, 2023
template: back-office-user-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/user-management/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.html
---

This section contains the guides on managing users in the Back Office:

* [Best practices: Manage users and their permissions with roles and groups](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/best-practices-manage-users-and-their-permissions-with-roles-and-groups.html)
* [Create users](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-users/create-users.html)
* [Create user roles](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-user-roles/create-user-roles.html)
* [Create user groups](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-user-groups/create-user-groups.html)


{% include pbc/all/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.md -->

## Next steps

* [Best practices: Manage users and their permissions with roles and groups](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/best-practices-manage-users-and-their-permissions-with-roles-and-groups.html)
* [Create users](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-users/create-users.html)
* [Create user roles](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-user-roles/create-user-roles.html)
* [Create user groups](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-user-groups/create-user-groups.html)
