docs/pbc/all/product-relationship-management/202410.0/third-party-integrations/8select.md, before:

---
title: 8Select
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: concept-topic-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/8select
originalArticleId: fba4cfc6-ef7f-477b-8788-3b9ffa1a52c0
---

## Partner Information

[ABOUT 8SELECT](https://www.8select.com/en/)

8select offers online retailers and their teams a technical platform to manage their experts, product knowledge, product data and customer interaction and provide interactive content along the customer journey. We deliver our solution as SaaS with easy API access. Managing Human Experience with 8.HX is scalable, simple and efficient - trusted by leading online retailers like HSE24, myToys, Peek&Cloppenburg, VAUDE and Ulla Popken Fashion Group.

---

## Copyright and Disclaimer

See [Disclaimer](https://github.com/spryker/spryker-documentation).

---
For further information on this partner and integration into Spryker, please contact us.

<div class="hubspot-form js-hubspot-form" data-portal-id="2770802" data-form-id="163e11fb-e833-4638-86ae-a2ca4b929a41" id="hubspot-1"></div>

Commit message:

PBC PRM SEO Update
Updated the meta desc for the following pages for an SEO update within Product relationship management ;
- build your own product relation type
- import file details product relation
- product relations module relations
- install and upgrade > install the product relations feature
- install and upgrade > upgrade the product relation store module
- manage in the back office > best practices promote product with product relations
- install and upgrade > create product relations
- install and upgrade > edit product relations
- install and upgrade > manage product relations in the back office
- install and upgrade > view product relations
- third party integrations > 8select
- third party integrations > contentserv
- third party integrations > nosto
- third party integrations > econda > export econda data
- third party integrations > econda > install econda
- third party integrations > econda > integrate econda cross selling
- third party integrations > econda > integrate econda

docs/pbc/all/product-relationship-management/202410.0/third-party-integrations/8select.md, after:

---
title: 8Select
description: Learn about Sprykers third party integration 8select and how the integration can enhance your Spryker project.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: concept-topic-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/8select
originalArticleId: fba4cfc6-ef7f-477b-8788-3b9ffa1a52c0
---

## Partner Information

[ABOUT 8SELECT](https://www.8select.com/en/)

8select offers online retailers and their teams a technical platform to manage their experts, product knowledge, product data and customer interaction and provide interactive content along the customer journey. We deliver our solution as SaaS with easy API access. Managing Human Experience with 8.HX is scalable, simple and efficient - trusted by leading online retailers like HSE24, myToys, Peek&Cloppenburg, VAUDE and Ulla Popken Fashion Group.

---

## Copyright and Disclaimer

See [Disclaimer](https://github.com/spryker/spryker-documentation).

---
For further information on this partner and integration into Spryker, please contact us.

<div class="hubspot-form js-hubspot-form" data-portal-id="2770802" data-form-id="163e11fb-e833-4638-86ae-a2ca4b929a41" id="hubspot-1"></div>
