docs/pbc/all/product-relationship-management/202410.0/third-party-integrations/nosto.md, before:

---
title: Nosto
description: Empower retailers to build, launch and optimize 1-1 omnichannel marketing campaigns and digital experiences without the need for dedicated IT resources or a lengthy implementation process by integrating Nosto into the Spryker Commerce OS.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: concept-topic-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/nosto
originalArticleId: e7d00914-ce24-46dc-a139-0ec2e038ccf9
---

## Partner Information

[ABOUT NOSTO](https://www.nosto.com/)

Powerful Personalization. Made Easy.

Nosto enables retailers to deliver personalized digital shopping experiences at every touch point, across every device. An AI-Powered Personalization Platform designed for ease of use, Nosto empowers retailers to build, launch and optimize 1:1 omnichannel marketing campaigns and digital experiences without the need for dedicated IT resources or a lengthy
implementation process. Over 2,500 brands in over 100 countries use Nosto to grow their business and delight their customers. Nosto supports its clients from its offices in Helsinki, Berlin, Stockholm, London, New York, Los Angeles and Paris.

YOUR ADVANTAGES:

* No complicated back-end integration or product feed needed for technical setup and deployment
* Products are automatically indexed (faster go-to-market)
* Beautifully-designed and intuitive UI
* Ecommerce professionals can easily access and use different marketing technologies
* Proprietary machine learning algorithms trained solely on ecommerce data, analyze both online and offline transactional and behavioral data
* Highly scalable infrastructure capable of dealing with 3Mil concurrent sessions in real time
* Integrates seamlessly with leading ecommerce technology providers and platforms
* Segments can be created individually and via Nosto and directly exported to the Facebook, ESP, Google accounts
* Product recommendations can be used in pop-ups, emails and Facebook ads
* Extensive technical onboarding, strong support, in-house frontend design team

---

## Copyright and Disclaimer

See [Disclaimer](https://github.com/spryker/spryker-documentation).

---
For further information on this partner and integration into Spryker, please contact us.

<div class="hubspot-form js-hubspot-form" data-portal-id="2770802" data-form-id="163e11fb-e833-4638-86ae-a2ca4b929a41" id="hubspot-1"></div>

Commit message:

PBC PRM SEO Update
Updated the meta desc for the following pages for an SEO update within Product relationship management ;
- build your own product relation type
- import file details product relation
- product relations module relations
- install and upgrade > install the product relations feature
- install and upgrade > upgrade the product relation store module
- manage in the back office > best practices promote product with product relations
- install and upgrade > create product relations
- install and upgrade > edit product relations
- install and upgrade > manage product relations in the back office
- install and upgrade > view product relations
- third party integrations > 8select
- third party integrations > contentserv
- third party integrations > nosto
- third party integrations > econda > export econda data
- third party integrations > econda > install econda
- third party integrations > econda > integrate econda cross selling
- third party integrations > econda > integrate econda

docs/pbc/all/product-relationship-management/202410.0/third-party-integrations/nosto.md, after:

---
title: Nosto
description: Learn how you can integrate Spryker Third Party Nosto in to your Spryker Cloud Commerce OS based projects.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: concept-topic-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/nosto
originalArticleId: e7d00914-ce24-46dc-a139-0ec2e038ccf9
---

## Partner Information

[ABOUT NOSTO](https://www.nosto.com/)

Powerful Personalization. Made Easy.

Nosto enables retailers to deliver personalized digital shopping experiences at every touch point, across every device. An AI-Powered Personalization Platform designed for ease of use, Nosto empowers retailers to build, launch and optimize 1:1 omnichannel marketing campaigns and digital experiences without the need for dedicated IT resources or a lengthy
implementation process. Over 2,500 brands in over 100 countries use Nosto to grow their business and delight their customers. Nosto supports its clients from its offices in Helsinki, Berlin, Stockholm, London, New York, Los Angeles and Paris.

YOUR ADVANTAGES:

* No complicated back-end integration or product feed needed for technical setup and deployment
* Products are automatically indexed (faster go-to-market)
* Beautifully-designed and intuitive UI
* Ecommerce professionals can easily access and use different marketing technologies
* Proprietary machine learning algorithms trained solely on ecommerce data, analyze both online and offline transactional and behavioral data
* Highly scalable infrastructure capable of dealing with 3Mil concurrent sessions in real time
* Integrates seamlessly with leading ecommerce technology providers and platforms
* Segments can be created individually and via Nosto and directly exported to the Facebook, ESP, Google accounts
* Product recommendations can be used in pop-ups, emails and Facebook ads
* Extensive technical onboarding, strong support, in-house frontend design team

---

## Copyright and Disclaimer

See [Disclaimer](https://github.com/spryker/spryker-documentation).

---
For further information on this partner and integration into Spryker, please contact us.

<div class="hubspot-form js-hubspot-form" data-portal-id="2770802" data-form-id="163e11fb-e833-4638-86ae-a2ca4b929a41" id="hubspot-1"></div>
