docs/pbc/all/identity-access-management/202410.0/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-authenticate-as-an-agent-assist.md, before:

---
title: "Glue API: Authenticate as an agent assist"
description: Authenticate as an agent assist on the Storefront.
last_updated: Jun 22, 2021
template: glue-api-storefront-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/authenticating-as-an-agent-assist
originalArticleId: 33952f89-fed4-4e33-95f4-79e969752e9d
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/identity-access-management/202204.0/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-authenticate-as-an-agent-assist.html
related:
  - title: Agent Assist feature overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/user-management/page.version/base-shop/agent-assist-feature-overview.html
  - title: Impersonate customers as an agent assist
    link: docs/pbc/all/user-management/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-impersonate-customers-as-an-agent-assist.html
  - title: Managing agent assist authentication tokens
    link: docs/pbc/all/identity-access-management/page.version/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-manage-agent-assist-authentication-tokens.html
  - title: Search by customers as an agent assist
    link: docs/pbc/all/user-management/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-search-by-customers-as-an-agent-assist.html
---

Log into the Storefront as an [agent assist](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/agent-assist-feature-overview.html) to help customers by performing actions on their behalf. After you’ve logged in, you can search by customers and impersonate them to perform any action available to them.

## Installation

For detailed information on the modules that provide the API functionality and related installation instructions, see:

* [Install the Agent Assist Glue API](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-the-agent-assist-glue-api.html)

* [Install the Customer Account Management + Agent Assist feature](/docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-customer-account-management-agent-assist-feature.html)

* [Install the Customer Account Management feature](/docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-customer-account-management-feature.html)

## Authenticate as an agent assist

To login as an agent, send the request:

***
`POST` **/agent-access-tokens**
***

### Request

Request sample: authenticate as an agent assist

`POST https://glue.mysprykershop.com/agent-access-tokens`

```json
{
    "data": {
        "type": "agent-access-tokens",
        "attributes": {
            "username": "admin@spryker.com",
            "password": "change123"
        }
    }
}
```

| ATTRIBUTE | TYPE | REQUIRED | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| username | String | &check; | Username of the agent assist. |
| password | String | &check; | Password of the agent assist. |

{% info_block warningBox %}

Note that depending on the Login feature configuration for your project, too many unsuccessful login attempts may result in the 429 error, and the user will be locked out for some time. For details, see [Storefront Login feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/customer-account-management-feature-overview/customer-login-overview.html)

{% endinfo_block %}

### Response

<details><summary>Response sample: authenticate as an agent assist</summary>

```json
{
    "data": {
        "type": "agent-access-tokens",
        "id": null,
        "attributes": {
            "tokenType": "Bearer",
            "expiresIn": 28800,
            "accessToken": "eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9.eyJhdWQiOiJmcm9udGVuZCIsImp0aSI6ImIyYjZiOTJjZmQxMmJjM2VhYWY4ZDlmYTkwZDM3ODBkMWFiYmI3YzI5ZjY3NjQ5OTNjMjhlODlkNTBmZGU3OTA4NWFlODYwN2I0NWMyOGEzIiwiaWF0IjoxNjAwNzc1NjYwLCJuYmYiOjE2MDA3NzU2NjAsImV4cCI6MTYwMDgwNDQ2MCwic3ViIjoie1wiaWRfY29tcGFueV91c2VyXCI6bnVsbCxcImlkX2FnZW50XCI6MSxcImN1c3RvbWVyX3JlZmVyZW5jZVwiOm51bGwsXCJpZF9jdXN0b21lclwiOm51bGwsXCJwZXJtaXNzaW9uc1wiOm51bGx9Iiwic2NvcGVzIjpbImFnZW50Il19.RsW6bVZD1GotR_Nse8_m972aXzNaiQ1gVV42u-So0dQ91ebPgjCYnKBwfl9sZHZfuT5kV3e6UyY0WBzhBz12vTdPGh9AZ3LvOCVJ5f8fts2PHTdsnmcnWURlHzf0jjuw5cJLJzqItONAWke8Dd5cZfEybHTVAyUJuMe6kX_HqONiLiljnLE0_N9I7zw5l9rkuk8vlHRKmyl4vyf24bb22N5RcaXO5medMGgEqO3E6lQKzgjkk6d3iVS7pDuD_96uiHUddLLH9r1d5ba5JJ6M9oAgIUYpjxKNIHJIUV1sbZ9wYg5YAkxHp6RekjZOIigxflBDyRprIjHjelBsukZiSA",
            "refreshToken": "def50200546e22676da0c33a0af7a0d5d8c5f279b7f3f0709d5e2711e42ef0ee08015c3aaa1c46e15f2ce5a61f671f36db3f07d6a0105c5b3989ba6e87a8fb27534290dda6cbcee1ae249a7093505b927824d86dd3d62b8e5064c7f2b39fb79802fc16118e5245ae50b9ec92d2b3d63444dab761d16a36fd759e4d80661489ea422c4b03773935a49830290babe608a2bc09e9d48b4fd4d29eadc1bcfaee5523d14ad84d0b5e317a28cc0d4788a02cb1131a60947aff37bc3edfce5d3634181e372f7617bc4d973502b9b2e483944de772c680a00c2db51d614e486c52b7a49dd160d8edf34f76a9d9520f76fbbdb61f3343afe6f2399827190352b7d2a9101d70a669beb90623a511e0ab4dfafde887ebb306d44e0cad3cbc5e62a65a305e4ed6a749a527293584708109f9f0b3b3be9a00e08953b5b649a99e3b8acf4a30125d7eecc44b7d8611bbd6fd5d4ab3edee3011a4787b9a9130462c000aa685b93ffd394e87f384741e50e8194bfa8b310615769e22ab05dc61767a02ede133c02b792c8342429073b3ae2340772bed62c5d82227c35633375203d9e71328b1706dc1056a172e6bd9c4918f49ada7ea2233da880d56acad4367f2c69197e573dc762fa63c46a58740262fecb49e3a0413b1c742182ee085d6168c7bdb837bb6c5"
        },
        "links": {
            "self": "https://glue.mysprykershop.com/agent-access-tokens"
        }
    }
}
```
</details>

| ATTRIBUTE | TYPE | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- | --- |
| tokenType | String | Type of the authentication token. Set this type when sending a request with the token. |
| expiresIn | Integer | Time in seconds in which the `accessToken` token expires. |
| accessToken | String | Authentication token used to send requests to the protected resources available for this agent assist. |
| refreshToken | String | Authentication token used to refresh the `accessToken`. |

## Possible errors

| CODE  | REASON |
| --- | --- |
|4101 | Failed to authenticate an agent. |

To view generic errors that originate from the Glue Application, see [Reference information: GlueApplication errors](/docs/dg/dev/glue-api/{{page.version}}/old-glue-infrastructure/reference-information-glueapplication-errors.html).

## Next steps

After you’ve authenticated in as an agent assist, you can:
* [Search by customers](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-search-by-customers-as-an-agent-assist.html#search-by-customers)
* [Impersonate a customer](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-impersonate-customers-as-an-agent-assist.html#impersonate-a-customer)

Commit message:

PBC IAM SEO Update
The following pages meta description has been updated for an SEO Update;
- Identity Access Management
- Install and upgrade > install the customer access glue api
- Install and upgrade > install the customer account management glue api
- Install and upgrade > install the spryker core back office feature
- Install and upgrade > upgrade the oauth module
- Install and upgrade > upgrade the oauth company users module
- manage using glue api > glue api authenticate as a back office user
- manage using glue api > glue api authenticate as a company user
- manage using glue api > glue api authenticate as an agent assist
- manage using glue api > glue api confirm customer registration
- manage using glue api > glue api create customers
- manage using glue api > glue api delete expired refresh tokens
- manage using glue api > glue api manage agent assist authentication tokens
- manage using glue api > glue api manage company user authentication tokens
- manage using glue api > glue api manage customer authentication tokens
- manage using glue api > glue api manage customer passwords

docs/pbc/all/identity-access-management/202410.0/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-authenticate-as-an-agent-assist.md, after:

---
title: "Glue API: Authenticate as an agent assist"
description: Learn how to authenticate as an agent assist on the Storefront using the Spryker GLUE API.
last_updated: Jun 22, 2021
template: glue-api-storefront-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/authenticating-as-an-agent-assist
originalArticleId: 33952f89-fed4-4e33-95f4-79e969752e9d
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/identity-access-management/202204.0/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-authenticate-as-an-agent-assist.html
related:
  - title: Agent Assist feature overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/user-management/page.version/base-shop/agent-assist-feature-overview.html
  - title: Impersonate customers as an agent assist
    link: docs/pbc/all/user-management/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-impersonate-customers-as-an-agent-assist.html
  - title: Managing agent assist authentication tokens
    link: docs/pbc/all/identity-access-management/page.version/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-manage-agent-assist-authentication-tokens.html
  - title: Search by customers as an agent assist
    link: docs/pbc/all/user-management/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-search-by-customers-as-an-agent-assist.html
---

Log into the Storefront as an [agent assist](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/agent-assist-feature-overview.html) to help customers by performing actions on their behalf. After you’ve logged in, you can search by customers and impersonate them to perform any action available to them.

## Installation

For detailed information on the modules that provide the API functionality and related installation instructions, see:

* [Install the Agent Assist Glue API](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-the-agent-assist-glue-api.html)

* [Install the Customer Account Management + Agent Assist feature](/docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-customer-account-management-agent-assist-feature.html)

* [Install the Customer Account Management feature](/docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-customer-account-management-feature.html)

## Authenticate as an agent assist

To login as an agent, send the request:

***
`POST` **/agent-access-tokens**
***

### Request

Request sample: authenticate as an agent assist

`POST https://glue.mysprykershop.com/agent-access-tokens`

```json
{
    "data": {
        "type": "agent-access-tokens",
        "attributes": {
            "username": "admin@spryker.com",
            "password": "change123"
        }
    }
}
```

| ATTRIBUTE | TYPE | REQUIRED | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| username | String | &check; | Username of the agent assist. |
| password | String | &check; | Password of the agent assist. |

{% info_block warningBox %}

Note that depending on the Login feature configuration for your project, too many unsuccessful login attempts may result in the 429 error, and the user will be locked out for some time. For details, see [Storefront Login feature overview](/docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/customer-account-management-feature-overview/customer-login-overview.html)

{% endinfo_block %}

### Response

<details><summary>Response sample: authenticate as an agent assist</summary>

```json
{
    "data": {
        "type": "agent-access-tokens",
        "id": null,
        "attributes": {
            "tokenType": "Bearer",
            "expiresIn": 28800,
            "accessToken": "eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9.eyJhdWQiOiJmcm9udGVuZCIsImp0aSI6ImIyYjZiOTJjZmQxMmJjM2VhYWY4ZDlmYTkwZDM3ODBkMWFiYmI3YzI5ZjY3NjQ5OTNjMjhlODlkNTBmZGU3OTA4NWFlODYwN2I0NWMyOGEzIiwiaWF0IjoxNjAwNzc1NjYwLCJuYmYiOjE2MDA3NzU2NjAsImV4cCI6MTYwMDgwNDQ2MCwic3ViIjoie1wiaWRfY29tcGFueV91c2VyXCI6bnVsbCxcImlkX2FnZW50XCI6MSxcImN1c3RvbWVyX3JlZmVyZW5jZVwiOm51bGwsXCJpZF9jdXN0b21lclwiOm51bGwsXCJwZXJtaXNzaW9uc1wiOm51bGx9Iiwic2NvcGVzIjpbImFnZW50Il19.RsW6bVZD1GotR_Nse8_m972aXzNaiQ1gVV42u-So0dQ91ebPgjCYnKBwfl9sZHZfuT5kV3e6UyY0WBzhBz12vTdPGh9AZ3LvOCVJ5f8fts2PHTdsnmcnWURlHzf0jjuw5cJLJzqItONAWke8Dd5cZfEybHTVAyUJuMe6kX_HqONiLiljnLE0_N9I7zw5l9rkuk8vlHRKmyl4vyf24bb22N5RcaXO5medMGgEqO3E6lQKzgjkk6d3iVS7pDuD_96uiHUddLLH9r1d5ba5JJ6M9oAgIUYpjxKNIHJIUV1sbZ9wYg5YAkxHp6RekjZOIigxflBDyRprIjHjelBsukZiSA",
            "refreshToken": "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"
        },
        "links": {
            "self": "https://glue.mysprykershop.com/agent-access-tokens"
        }
    }
}
```
</details>

| ATTRIBUTE | TYPE | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- | --- |
| tokenType | String | Type of the authentication token. Set this type when sending a request with the token. |
| expiresIn | Integer | Time in seconds in which the `accessToken` token expires. |
| accessToken | String | Authentication token used to send requests to the protected resources available for this agent assist. |
| refreshToken | String | Authentication token used to refresh the `accessToken`. |

## Possible errors

| CODE  | REASON |
| --- | --- |
|4101 | Failed to authenticate an agent. |

To view generic errors that originate from the Glue Application, see [Reference information: GlueApplication errors](/docs/dg/dev/glue-api/{{page.version}}/old-glue-infrastructure/reference-information-glueapplication-errors.html).

## Next steps

After you’ve authenticated in as an agent assist, you can:
* [Search by customers](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-search-by-customers-as-an-agent-assist.html#search-by-customers)
* [Impersonate a customer](/docs/pbc/all/user-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-impersonate-customers-as-an-agent-assist.html#impersonate-a-customer)
