docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-navigation.csv.md, before:

---
title: "Import file details: navigation.csv"
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: data-import-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/file-details-navigationcsv
originalArticleId: eb25c5b9-7718-4328-b5a5-d93a6a0fb9b7
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/data-import/201811.0/data-import-categories/navigation-setup/file-details-navigation.csv.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/data-import/201903.0/data-import-categories/navigation-setup/file-details-navigation.csv.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/data-import/201907.0/data-import-categories/navigation-setup/file-details-navigation.csv.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/data-import/202311.0/data-import-categories/navigation-setup/file-details-navigation.csv.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/import-and-export-data/file-details-navigation.csv.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/file-details-navigation.csv.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-navigation.csv.html
related:
  - title: Execution order of data importers in Demo Shop
    link: docs/dg/dev/data-import/page.version/execution-order-of-data-importers.html
---

This document describes the `navigation.csv` file to configure [Navigation](/docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/navigation-feature-overview.html) information in your Spryker Demo Shop.

## Import file parameters

| PARAMETER | REQUIRED | TYPE | REQUIREMENTS OR COMMENTS | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| key | &check; | String |  | Navigation entity key. |
| name | &check; | String |  | Navigation entity name. |
| is_active | &check; | Boolean |  | Defines if the navigation element is active. |

## Import template file and content example

| FILE | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- |
| [navigation.csv template](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/Developer+Guide/Back-End/Data+Manipulation/Data+Ingestion/Data+Import/Data+Import+Categories/Navigation+Setup/Template+navigation.csv) | Exemplary import file with headers only. |
| [navigation.csv](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/Developer+Guide/Back-End/Data+Manipulation/Data+Ingestion/Data+Import/Data+Import+Categories/Navigation+Setup/navigation.csv) | Exemplary import file with Demo Shop data. |

## Import file command

```bash
data:import:navigation
```

Commit message:

PBC CMS Import Export SEO Update
Updated the following pages meta description for an SEO update
- import content management system data
- import file details cms block category position
- import file details cms block category
- import file details cms block store
- import file details cms page store
- import file details cms page
- import file details cms slot block
- import file details cms slot template
- import file details cms slots
- import file details content banner
- import file details content navigation
- import file details content product abstract list
- import file details content product set
- import file details mime type (also fixed a broken link in this article)
- import file details navigation node
- import file details navigation
- import file details product set

docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202410.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-navigation.csv.md, after:

---
title: "Import file details: navigation.csv"
description: Learn about the Spryker navigation csv file used to configure the navigation information in to your Spryker Shop.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: data-import-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/file-details-navigationcsv
originalArticleId: eb25c5b9-7718-4328-b5a5-d93a6a0fb9b7
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/data-import/201811.0/data-import-categories/navigation-setup/file-details-navigation.csv.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/data-import/201903.0/data-import-categories/navigation-setup/file-details-navigation.csv.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/data-import/201907.0/data-import-categories/navigation-setup/file-details-navigation.csv.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/data-import/202311.0/data-import-categories/navigation-setup/file-details-navigation.csv.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/import-and-export-data/file-details-navigation.csv.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202311.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/file-details-navigation.csv.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/202204.0/base-shop/import-and-export-data/import-file-details-navigation.csv.html
related:
  - title: Execution order of data importers in Demo Shop
    link: docs/dg/dev/data-import/page.version/execution-order-of-data-importers.html
---

This document describes the `navigation.csv` file to configure [Navigation](/docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/navigation-feature-overview.html) information in your Spryker Demo Shop.

## Import file parameters

| PARAMETER | REQUIRED | TYPE | REQUIREMENTS OR COMMENTS | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| key | &check; | String |  | Navigation entity key. |
| name | &check; | String |  | Navigation entity name. |
| is_active | &check; | Boolean |  | Defines if the navigation element is active. |

## Import template file and content example

| FILE | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- |
| [navigation.csv template](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/Developer+Guide/Back-End/Data+Manipulation/Data+Ingestion/Data+Import/Data+Import+Categories/Navigation+Setup/Template+navigation.csv) | Exemplary import file with headers only. |
| [navigation.csv](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/Developer+Guide/Back-End/Data+Manipulation/Data+Ingestion/Data+Import/Data+Import+Categories/Navigation+Setup/navigation.csv) | Exemplary import file with Demo Shop data. |

## Import file command

```bash
data:import:navigation
```
