docs/pbc/all/miscellaneous/202410.0/manage-in-the-back-office/add-translations.md, before:

---
title: Add translations
description: Learn how to add and edit translations in the Back Office.
last_updated: June 3, 2022
template: back-office-user-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/managing-glossary
originalArticleId: a485b9af-b90b-4847-904c-3f87891de5c9
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/managing-glossary
  - /2021080/docs/en/managing-glossary
  - /docs/managing-glossary
  - /docs/en/managing-glossary
  - /docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/202200.0/administration/glossary/managing-glossary.html
  - /docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/202204.0/administration/glossary/managing-glossary.html  
  - /docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/202204.0/administration/glossary/add-translations.html
---

To add a translation in the Back Office, follow the steps:

1. Go to the **Administration&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Glossary**.
2. On the **Glossary** page, click **Create Translation**.
3. On the **Create Translation** page, enter a **NAME**.
4. Optional: Enter translations per locale.
5. Click **Save**.
    This opens the **Glossary** page with a success message displayed. The translation is displayed in the list.
6. Ask your development team to add the translation on the code level.
    Now you can add translations to content. See [Next steps](#next-steps) for details.

![Example of translations](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/User+Guides/Back+Office+User+Guides/Glossary/Managing+Glossary/managing-glossary.png)

## Reference information: NAME

A **NAME** of a translation is a glossary key, a unique identifier of the translation. You use it to add translations to different types of content. When the content is rendered on the Storefront, the glossary key is replaced with a translation based on selected locale and the translation you entered for the locale.


## Next steps

* Add translations to CMS block by editing [placeholders in CMS blocks](/docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/blocks/edit-placeholders-in-cms-blocks.html).
* Add translations to CMS page by editing [placeholders in CMS pages](/docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/pages/edit-cms-pages.html).

Commit message:

PBC Misc SEO Update
Changed the following pages for Meta description following an SEO update;
- import and export data > import file details glossary csv
- Install and upgrade > Install features > install the push notification feature
- Install and upgrade > Install features >  install the spryker core feature
- Install and upgrade > Install glue api > install the spryker core glue api
- Install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the api module
- Install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the quote module
- Install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the setup module
- Install and upgrade > manage in the back office > add translations
- Install and upgrade > manage in the back office > edit translations
- Install and upgrade > manage in the back office > manage translations in the back office
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > glue api add push notification subscriptions
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > manage push notification providers > glue api add push notification providers
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > manage push notification providers > glue api delete push notification providers
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > manage push notification providers > glue api retrieve push notification providers

docs/pbc/all/miscellaneous/202410.0/manage-in-the-back-office/add-translations.md, after:

---
title: Add translations
description: Learn how to add new translations in the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS Back Office to your Spryker projects.
last_updated: June 3, 2022
template: back-office-user-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/managing-glossary
originalArticleId: a485b9af-b90b-4847-904c-3f87891de5c9
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/managing-glossary
  - /2021080/docs/en/managing-glossary
  - /docs/managing-glossary
  - /docs/en/managing-glossary
  - /docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/202200.0/administration/glossary/managing-glossary.html
  - /docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/202204.0/administration/glossary/managing-glossary.html  
  - /docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/202204.0/administration/glossary/add-translations.html
---

To add a translation in the Back Office, follow the steps:

1. Go to the **Administration&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Glossary**.
2. On the **Glossary** page, click **Create Translation**.
3. On the **Create Translation** page, enter a **NAME**.
4. Optional: Enter translations per locale.
5. Click **Save**.
    This opens the **Glossary** page with a success message displayed. The translation is displayed in the list.
6. Ask your development team to add the translation on the code level.
    Now you can add translations to content. See [Next steps](#next-steps) for details.

![Example of translations](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/User+Guides/Back+Office+User+Guides/Glossary/Managing+Glossary/managing-glossary.png)

## Reference information: NAME

A **NAME** of a translation is a glossary key, a unique identifier of the translation. You use it to add translations to different types of content. When the content is rendered on the Storefront, the glossary key is replaced with a translation based on selected locale and the translation you entered for the locale.


## Next steps

* Add translations to CMS block by editing [placeholders in CMS blocks](/docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/blocks/edit-placeholders-in-cms-blocks.html).
* Add translations to CMS page by editing [placeholders in CMS pages](/docs/pbc/all/content-management-system/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/pages/edit-cms-pages.html).
