docs/pbc/all/miscellaneous/202410.0/manage-in-the-back-office/edit-translations.md, before:

---
title: Edit translations
last_updated: May 31, 2022
template: back-office-user-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/202204.0/administration/glossary/edit-translations.html
---


To edit a translation in the Back Office, follow the steps:
1. Go to the **Administration&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Glossary**.
2. On the **Glossary** page, next to the translation you want to edit, click **Edit**.
3. On the **Edit Translation** page, enter translations per locale.
4. Click **Save**.
    This opens the **Glossary** page with a success message displayed.
5. Ask your development team to apply the changes on the code level.    

## Reference information: NAME

A **NAME** of a translation is a glossary key, a unique identifier of the translation. You use it to add translations to different types of content. When the content is rendered on the Storefront, the glossary key is replaced with a translation based on selected locale and the translation you entered for the locale.

Commit message:

PBC Misc SEO Update
Changed the following pages for Meta description following an SEO update;
- import and export data > import file details glossary csv
- Install and upgrade > Install features > install the push notification feature
- Install and upgrade > Install features >  install the spryker core feature
- Install and upgrade > Install glue api > install the spryker core glue api
- Install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the api module
- Install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the quote module
- Install and upgrade > upgrade modules > upgrade the setup module
- Install and upgrade > manage in the back office > add translations
- Install and upgrade > manage in the back office > edit translations
- Install and upgrade > manage in the back office > manage translations in the back office
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > glue api add push notification subscriptions
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > manage push notification providers > glue api add push notification providers
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > manage push notification providers > glue api delete push notification providers
- Install and upgrade > manage using glue API > manage push notification providers > glue api retrieve push notification providers

docs/pbc/all/miscellaneous/202410.0/manage-in-the-back-office/edit-translations.md, after:

---
title: Edit translations
description: Learn how to edit translations in the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS Back Office to your Spryker projects.
last_updated: May 31, 2022
template: back-office-user-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/202204.0/administration/glossary/edit-translations.html
---


To edit a translation in the Back Office, follow the steps:
1. Go to the **Administration&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Glossary**.
2. On the **Glossary** page, next to the translation you want to edit, click **Edit**.
3. On the **Edit Translation** page, enter translations per locale.
4. Click **Save**.
    This opens the **Glossary** page with a success message displayed.
5. Ask your development team to apply the changes on the code level.    

## Reference information: NAME

A **NAME** of a translation is a glossary key, a unique identifier of the translation. You use it to add translations to different types of content. When the content is rendered on the Storefront, the glossary key is replaced with a translation based on selected locale and the translation you entered for the locale.
