docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-companybusinessunit-module.md, before:

---
title: Migration guide - CompanyBusinessUnit
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
originalArticleId: 1b4bea05-ed20-43e9-92fc-321857feb66d
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /2021080/docs/en/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /docs/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /docs/en/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /v5/docs/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /v5/docs/en/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /v6/docs/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /v6/docs/en/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-companybusinessunit.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-companybusinessunit.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-companybusinessunit.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-companybusinessunit.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/202204.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-companybusinessunit-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-companybusinessunit-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-companybusinessunit-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC CRM Part 1 SEO Update
Changed the following meta description for an SEO Update;
- customer account management feature overview > customer accounts overview
- customer account management feature overview >  customer login overview
- customer account management feature overview > customer registration overview
- customer account management feature overview > password management overview
- domain model and relationships > company account module relations
- domain model and relationships >  customer login by token reference information
- generate login tokens
- import and export data > file details customer
- install and upgrade > install the company account feature
- install and upgrade >  install the company account merchant b2b contract requests feature
- install and upgrade >  install the company account merchant b2b contracts feature
- install and upgrade >  install the company account glue api
- install and upgrade >  install the customer account management glue api
- install and upgrade >  upgrade the company business unit module
- install and upgrade >  upgrade the company user auth rest api module
- install and upgrade >  upgrade the company user rest api module
- install and upgrade >  upgrade the shared cart page

docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-companybusinessunit-module.md, after:

---
title: Migration guide - CompanyBusinessUnit
description: Learn how to upgrade to a newer version of Spryker Company Business Unit Feature from older ones in your Spryker project.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
originalArticleId: 1b4bea05-ed20-43e9-92fc-321857feb66d
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /2021080/docs/en/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /docs/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /docs/en/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /v5/docs/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /v5/docs/en/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /v6/docs/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /v6/docs/en/migration-guide-companybusinessunit
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-companybusinessunit.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-companybusinessunit.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-companybusinessunit.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/migration-guide-companybusinessunit.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/202204.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-companybusinessunit-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-companybusinessunit-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-companybusinessunit-module.md -->
