docs/dg/dev/integrate-and-configure/configure-queue-worker-signal-handling.md, before:

---
title: Configure queue worker signal handling
description: Configure a graceful shutdown of queue worker.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: howto-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/queue-worker-signal-handling
originalArticleId: 832df2ee-dad1-40ac-bf54-1f9aa1bb1a48
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/technical-enhancement-integration-guides/configuring-queue-worker-signal-handling.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/technical-enhancements/queue-worker-signal-handling.html
---

Signal Handling is a configured behavior of an application invoked by receiving a signal. Signals are sent by an operating system to interact with the application. In PHP, there are [many signals](http://linux.die.net/man/7/signal), and just a couple of them are important. For example, the `SIGTERM` signal is a request that tells an application “I would really like you to shut down”. Most applications do terminate at such request, sometimes with issues. For example, sending the `SIGTERM` signal to an application while data is being processed may result into data inconsistency. That’s where signal handling can help.

When an application is configured to treat a signal, it performs all the configured actions instead of performing the only action invoked by the signal. For example, you configure an application to finish all its processes before shutting down as instructed by the `SIGTERM` signal. It’s called a *graceful shutdown*.

To configure a graceful shutdown of queue worker, define the list of signals to be handled as follows:

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Zed\Queue;

...

class QueueConfig extends SprykerQueueConfig
{
    /**
     * Defines the list of signals that will be handled for the graceful worker shutdown.
     *
     * @return int[]
     */
    public function getSignalsForGracefulWorkerShutdown(): array
    {
        return [
            SIGTERM,
            SIGINT,
            SIGQUIT,
            SIGABRT,
        ];
    }
}
...
```

When queue worker receives one of the defined signals, it finishes all the items that are being processed, saves results, prepares for graceful shutdown, and stops all active processes.

Commit message:

DEV Integrate SEO Update
Changed the meta description and fixed some broken links for articles within the integrate and configure section of Spryker Docs

docs/dg/dev/integrate-and-configure/configure-queue-worker-signal-handling.md, after:

---
title: Configure queue worker signal handling
description: Learn how you can configure a graceful shutdown of queue worker for your Spryker based projects.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: howto-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/queue-worker-signal-handling
originalArticleId: 832df2ee-dad1-40ac-bf54-1f9aa1bb1a48
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/technical-enhancement-integration-guides/configuring-queue-worker-signal-handling.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/technical-enhancements/queue-worker-signal-handling.html
---

Signal Handling is a configured behavior of an application invoked by receiving a signal. Signals are sent by an operating system to interact with the application. In PHP, there are [many signals](http://linux.die.net/man/7/signal), and just a couple of them are important. For example, the `SIGTERM` signal is a request that tells an application “I would really like you to shut down”. Most applications do terminate at such request, sometimes with issues. For example, sending the `SIGTERM` signal to an application while data is being processed may result into data inconsistency. That’s where signal handling can help.

When an application is configured to treat a signal, it performs all the configured actions instead of performing the only action invoked by the signal. For example, you configure an application to finish all its processes before shutting down as instructed by the `SIGTERM` signal. It’s called a *graceful shutdown*.

To configure a graceful shutdown of queue worker, define the list of signals to be handled as follows:

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Zed\Queue;

...

class QueueConfig extends SprykerQueueConfig
{
    /**
     * Defines the list of signals that will be handled for the graceful worker shutdown.
     *
     * @return int[]
     */
    public function getSignalsForGracefulWorkerShutdown(): array
    {
        return [
            SIGTERM,
            SIGINT,
            SIGQUIT,
            SIGABRT,
        ];
    }
}
...
```

When queue worker receives one of the defined signals, it finishes all the items that are being processed, saves results, prepares for graceful shutdown, and stops all active processes.
