---
title: Launching Storefronts
description: Learn how to launch Storefronts
template: concept-topic-template
---

This tutorial describes how to deploy Storefronts using the Spryker Launchpad.

## Logging into the Launchpad

Using the login details provided by your FeS account owner, log into the [Launchpad](https://launchpad.spryker.com).

After logging in, the *List of Applications* page opens.

## Defining the general settings of a Storefront

To create a Storefront, do the following:

1. On the *List of Applications* page, select **Create a new application**.

2. On the *Create a new application* page, enter a descriptive **Name** for the Storefront.

3. For **Type**, select **Spryker VueStorefront**.
  In future, you'll be able to create other types of applications. For now, let's stick with the Storefront.

  *Code Repository provider*, *Hosting provider*, and *Commerce provider* sections appear.

## Connecting GitHub repositories

In the *Code Repository provider* section, you are going to grant the Launchpad permission to your GitHub repository with the application. Follow the steps:

1. Select **Authorize GitHub**.

2. On the GitHub page that opens, authorize your GitHub account.
  The account should have access to the repository with the VueStorefront application you want to deploy.

This takes you back to the *Create a new Application* page.

3. Select **Install GitHub organization**.

4. On the GitHub page that opens, connect your GitHub organization and grant access to the repository with the VueStorefront application.

This takes you back to the *Create a new Application* page.

5. Select the **ORGANISATION** you've connected.

6. Select the **REPOSITORY** with the VueStorefront application.

7. Select the **BRANCH** you want to deploy.



## Configuring the build

In the *Hosting provider* section, you configure how the Storefront is deployed to [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/). In future, you'll also be able to use other hosting providers.

The Launchpad automatically deploys your Storefront to Netlify using a default configuration. If you want to customize the deployment, do the following:

1. Optional: Enter a **BASE DIRECTORY**.
  This is the directory from which a deployment is started. If not specified, the root directory of the repository is used.

2. Optional: Enter a **BUILD COMMAND**.
  This is the command used to deploy the application. Specify it if you want to customize the build.

3. Optional: Enter a **PUBLISH FOLDER**.
   The deploy-ready HTML files and assets generated by the build are placed into this folder.

For more information about Netlify build configuration, see [Get started with build configuration](https://docs.netlify.com/configure-builds/get-started/).



## Connecting SCCOS

In the *Commerce provider* section, you need to connect the Storefront to a [Spryker Cloud Commerce OS (SCCOS)](/docs/cloud/dev/spryker-cloud-commerce-os/getting-started-with-the-spryker-cloud-commerce-os.html) environment and select [locales](/docs/scos/dev/back-end-development/data-manipulation/datapayload-conversion/multi-language-setup.html) and [currencies](/docs/scos/dev/back-end-development/data-manipulation/datapayload-conversion/multiple-currencies-per-store-configuration.html). Follow the steps below:

1. Select a **SPRYKER ENVIRONMENT** to connect this Storefront to.

2. Select a **COMMERCE API**. The selected Glue API will be used to connect this Storefront to the SCCOS instance.

2. Select one or more **LOCALES** to be available in this Storefront.

3. Select one or more **CURRENCIES** to be available in this Storefront.

4. Select **Create**.

The *List of Applications* page opens with the success message displayed. The application is displayed in the list.

## Installing the Storefront

To install the application, do the following:

1. Select the application you've created.
  This opens the the pane of the application.

2. In the *Hosting provider* section, select **Install Application**.
  This shows the success message. Each time you update the code in the connected repository, the Storefront is automiacally re-deployed to Netlify.
