docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-discount-module.md, before:

---
title: Upgrade the Discount module
description: Use the guide to migrate to a newer version of the Discount module.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-discount
originalArticleId: 0ac48edb-ebcb-4442-b97c-61159da5cafd
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /module_migration_guides/mg-discount.htm
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202311.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202311.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-discount-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202311.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-discount-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-discount-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-discount-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-discount-module.md -->

Commit message:

PBC Discount Management SEO Update
Changed the meta description for the following pages for the SEO update;
- base shop > import and export data > import discount management data
- base shop > import and export data > import file details discount amount csv
- base shop > import and export data > import file discount store
- base shop > import and export data > import file discount voucher csv
- base shop > import and export data > import file details discount csv
- base shop > install and upgrade > install features > install the promotions and discounts category management feature
- base shop  > install and upgrade >  upgrade modules > upgrade the discount module
- base shop  > manage in the back office > best practices promote products with discounts
- base shop >> manage in the back office >  create discounts
- base shop  > manage in the back office > export voucher codes
- base shop > manage in the back office > manage discounts in the back office
- base shop  > manage using the glue api > glue api add items with discounts to guest carts
- base shop > manage using the glue api > glue api manage discount vouchers in guest carts
- base shop > manage using the glue api > glue api manage discounts
- base shop > manage using the glue api > glue api retrieve discounts in guest carts
- discount management

docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-discount-module.md, after:

---
title: Upgrade the Discount module
description: Learn how to upgrade and migrate to a newer version of the Spryker Discount module in Spryker Cloud Commerce OS to a new version.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: module-migration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/mg-discount
originalArticleId: 0ac48edb-ebcb-4442-b97c-61159da5cafd
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201811.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201903.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/201907.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202001.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202005.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202009.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202108.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /module_migration_guides/mg-discount.htm
  - /docs/scos/dev/module-migration-guides/202311.0/migration-guide-discount.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202311.0/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-discount-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202311.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-discount-module.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/discount-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/upgrade-the-discount-module.html
---

{% include pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-discount-module.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/upgrade-modules/upgrade-the-discount-module.md -->
