docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/202410.0/payment-service-provider.md, before:

---
title: Payment Service Provider
description: Different payment methods for your shop
last_updated: Apr 23, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/pbc/all/payment-service-providers/psp.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/202311.0/third-party-integrations/payment-service-provider-integrations.html
---

The *Payment Service Provider* PBC enables different kinds of payment methods, like credit cards of gift cards, to be used by customers. You can configure multiple payment methods to be available in your shop. The variety of third-party payment solutions let you find the best payment methods for your business requirements.

The capability consists of a base shop and the marketplace addon. The base shop features are needed for running a regular shop in which your company is the only entity fulfilling orders. To run a marketplace, the features from both the base shop and the marketplace addon are required.

Spryker offers the following Payment Service Providers (PSP) integrations:

| NAME | MARKETPLACE COMPATIBLE | AVAILABLE IN ACP |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Spryker Pay | Yes | No |
| Adyen | No | No |
| After Pay | No | No |
| Braintree | No | No |
| Crefo Pay | No | No |
| Computop | No | No |
| Easycredit | No | No |
| Optile | No | No |
| [Payone](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/payone/app-composition-platform-integration/payone-acp-app.html) | No | Yes |
| Ratepay | No | No |
| [Unzer](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/unzer/unzer.html) | Yes | No |

Commit message:

PBC PSP pt2 SEO Update
Changed the meta description for the second part of the Payment Service Provider articles as part of an SEO update.

docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/202410.0/payment-service-provider.md, after:

---
title: Payment Service Provider
description: Learn about the different types of payment methods that you can configure for your store using the Spryker Payment Service Provider module.
last_updated: Apr 23, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/pbc/all/payment-service-providers/psp.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/202311.0/third-party-integrations/payment-service-provider-integrations.html
---

The *Payment Service Provider* PBC enables different kinds of payment methods, like credit cards of gift cards, to be used by customers. You can configure multiple payment methods to be available in your shop. The variety of third-party payment solutions let you find the best payment methods for your business requirements.

The capability consists of a base shop and the marketplace addon. The base shop features are needed for running a regular shop in which your company is the only entity fulfilling orders. To run a marketplace, the features from both the base shop and the marketplace addon are required.

Spryker offers the following Payment Service Providers (PSP) integrations:

| NAME | MARKETPLACE COMPATIBLE | AVAILABLE IN ACP |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Spryker Pay | Yes | No |
| Adyen | No | No |
| After Pay | No | No |
| Braintree | No | No |
| Crefo Pay | No | No |
| Computop | No | No |
| Easycredit | No | No |
| Optile | No | No |
| [Payone](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/payone/app-composition-platform-integration/payone-acp-app.html) | No | Yes |
| Ratepay | No | No |
| [Unzer](/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/third-party-integrations/unzer/unzer.html) | Yes | No |
