docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-merchants-in-the-back-office.md, before:

---
title: Manage merchants in the Back Office
description: Learn how to log into the Back Office.
last_updated: Apr 13, 2023
template: back-office-user-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/202311.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.html
---

This section contains guides on managing merchants in the Back Office:

* [Create merchants](/docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/create-merchants.html)
* [Create merchant relations](/docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/create-merchant-relations.html)

{% include pbc/all/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.md -->

## Next steps

* [Create merchants](/docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/create-merchants.html)
* [Create merchant relations](/docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/create-merchant-relations.html)

Commit message:

PBC Merchant Management Base Shop SEO Update
The follow pages meta description have changed for an SEO update;
- install the merchant b2b contract requests comments feature
- install the merchant b2b contract requests company account feature
- install the merchant b2b contracts comments feature
- install the merchant b2b contracts company account feature
- install the merchant feature
- install the merchants and merchant relations feature
- create merchant relations
- create merchants
- edit merchant relations
- edit merchants
- manage merchants in the back office

docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/manage-merchants-in-the-back-office.md, after:

---
title: Manage merchants in the Back Office
description: Learn how to manage merchants that are configured in the B2B Spryker Cloud Commerce OS Back Office for your Spryker Projects.
last_updated: Apr 13, 2023
template: back-office-user-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/202311.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.html
---

This section contains guides on managing merchants in the Back Office:

* [Create merchants](/docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/create-merchants.html)
* [Create merchant relations](/docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/create-merchant-relations.html)

{% include pbc/all/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/manage-in-the-back-office/log-into-the-back-office.md -->

## Next steps

* [Create merchants](/docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/create-merchants.html)
* [Create merchant relations](/docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/create-merchant-relations.html)
