docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-migrate-non-standard-services.md, before:

---
title: 'Migrate to cloud: Migrate non-standard services'
description: To migrate to SCCOS, you need to migrate non-standard services.
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/dev/migration-concepts/migrate-to-sccos/step-3-migrate-non-standard-services.html
---

Spryker comes pre-configured with the following services by default:

* RabbitMQ
* ElasticSearch
* Redis
* MariaDB
* Jenkins

After you have [upgraded the PHP version](/docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-upgrade-the-php-version.html), you can migrate these services. You should be able to do that without significant challenges. However, check their versions to make sure if the on-prem versions of your services are different from those of the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS. If your project uses components beyond the standard configuration, such as Kafka, we highly recommend conducting a thorough investigation and making a decision on whether to replace them or find a way to continue using them.

For more information about the standard components and configuration, see [Spryker technology stack](/docs/dg/dev/architecture/technology-stack.html) and [conceptual overview](/docs/dg/dev/architecture/conceptual-overview.html).

## Postgres to MariaDB

Currently, within the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS environment, only the MariaDB engine is compatible with databases. Consequently, if the project previously relied on PostgreSQL, it's necessary to migrate to MariaDB. To accommodate this change, you need to make specific adjustments within the `config/Shared/config_*.php` files.

Consider that CTE queries or any other raw SQL queries or DB structure specific to PostgreSQL have to be reviewed for compatibility with MariaDB. Also, it's a known fact that the CTE queries work slower on the MariDB-based engine.

## Next step

[Provision the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS environments](/docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-provision-the-sccos-environments.html)

Commit message:

DEV Migrate pt1 SEO Update
Meta desc changed for the following pages;
- upgrade and migrate > migrate from auth to securitygui module
- upgrade and migrate > migrate from tslint to eslint
- upgrade and migrate > migrate from yarn to npm
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud adapt the filesystem based features
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud add frontend assets
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud choose a multistore setup
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud finalize the migration
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud integrate the docker sdk
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud migrate database
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud migrate non standard services
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud restore es and redis
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud upgrade the php version
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud wire custom services

docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-migrate-non-standard-services.md, after:

---
title: 'Migrate to cloud: Migrate non-standard services'
description: Learn how to migrate to Spryker Cloud Commerce OS and migrate non-standard services within your Spryker based project.
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/dev/migration-concepts/migrate-to-sccos/step-3-migrate-non-standard-services.html
---

Spryker comes pre-configured with the following services by default:

* RabbitMQ
* ElasticSearch
* Redis
* MariaDB
* Jenkins

After you have [upgraded the PHP version](/docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-upgrade-the-php-version.html), you can migrate these services. You should be able to do that without significant challenges. However, check their versions to make sure if the on-prem versions of your services are different from those of the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS. If your project uses components beyond the standard configuration, such as Kafka, we highly recommend conducting a thorough investigation and making a decision on whether to replace them or find a way to continue using them.

For more information about the standard components and configuration, see [Spryker technology stack](/docs/dg/dev/architecture/technology-stack.html) and [conceptual overview](/docs/dg/dev/architecture/conceptual-overview.html).

## Postgres to MariaDB

Currently, within the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS environment, only the MariaDB engine is compatible with databases. Consequently, if the project previously relied on PostgreSQL, it's necessary to migrate to MariaDB. To accommodate this change, you need to make specific adjustments within the `config/Shared/config_*.php` files.

Consider that CTE queries or any other raw SQL queries or DB structure specific to PostgreSQL have to be reviewed for compatibility with MariaDB. Also, it's a known fact that the CTE queries work slower on the MariDB-based engine.

## Next step

[Provision the Spryker Cloud Commerce OS environments](/docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-provision-the-sccos-environments.html)
