docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-add-frontend-assets.md, before:

---
title: 'Migrate to cloud: Add frontend assets'
description: To migrate to SCCOS, one of the steps, is adding the frontend assets.
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/dev/migration-concepts/migrate-to-sccos/step-10-add-frontend-assets.html
last_updated: Dec 6, 2023

---

After you have implemented security and performance guidelines, add the frontend assets as described in this document.

## 1. Host frontend assets in SCCOS
The default Spryker approach for hosting frontend assets, such as images and videos, is based on a CDN that uses an S3 bucket. If you need to host frontend assets within the SCCOS environment, submit a CDN creation request through your account on the [Spryker Support portal](https://support.spryker.com/).

## 2. Upload images to S3
Once the S3 bucket has been established, you can manually upload asset files to the S3 bucket using the AWS user interface.

## 3. Update URLs in the database
To ensure the seamless transition to the new image URLs, execute an SQL update query within the Spryker cloud database. The query should update the old image URLs with the new ones. The list of tables that store images includes:
* spy_product_image
* spy_category_image
* Any other tables related to images

## 4. Publish new URLs to Redis and Elasticsearch
Trigger the publish events for images. This process ensures that the image URLs are republished not only in Redis and Elasticsearch but also in the `_search` and `_storage` tables.
To trigger the publish events, run the following command:

```bash
console publisher:trigger-events -r product_abstract_image,product_concrete_image,configurable_bundle_template_image,category_image
```

## Next step

[Wire custom services](/docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-wire-custom-services.html)

Commit message:

DEV Migrate pt1 SEO Update
Meta desc changed for the following pages;
- upgrade and migrate > migrate from auth to securitygui module
- upgrade and migrate > migrate from tslint to eslint
- upgrade and migrate > migrate from yarn to npm
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud adapt the filesystem based features
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud add frontend assets
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud choose a multistore setup
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud finalize the migration
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud integrate the docker sdk
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud migrate database
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud migrate non standard services
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud restore es and redis
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud upgrade the php version
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud wire custom services

docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-add-frontend-assets.md, after:

---
title: 'Migrate to cloud: Add frontend assets'
description: Learn how to migrate to Spryker Cloud Commerce OS and add frontend assets in your Spryker based project.
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/dev/migration-concepts/migrate-to-sccos/step-10-add-frontend-assets.html
last_updated: Dec 6, 2023

---

After you have implemented security and performance guidelines, add the frontend assets as described in this document.

## 1. Host frontend assets in SCCOS
The default Spryker approach for hosting frontend assets, such as images and videos, is based on a CDN that uses an S3 bucket. If you need to host frontend assets within the SCCOS environment, submit a CDN creation request through your account on the [Spryker Support portal](https://support.spryker.com/).

## 2. Upload images to S3
Once the S3 bucket has been established, you can manually upload asset files to the S3 bucket using the AWS user interface.

## 3. Update URLs in the database
To ensure the seamless transition to the new image URLs, execute an SQL update query within the Spryker cloud database. The query should update the old image URLs with the new ones. The list of tables that store images includes:
* spy_product_image
* spy_category_image
* Any other tables related to images

## 4. Publish new URLs to Redis and Elasticsearch
Trigger the publish events for images. This process ensures that the image URLs are republished not only in Redis and Elasticsearch but also in the `_search` and `_storage` tables.
To trigger the publish events, run the following command:

```bash
console publisher:trigger-events -r product_abstract_image,product_concrete_image,configurable_bundle_template_image,category_image
```

## Next step

[Wire custom services](/docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-wire-custom-services.html)
