docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-integrate-the-docker-sdk.md, before:

---
title: "Migrate to cloud: Integrate the Docker SDK"
description: Learn how to integrate the Docker SDK
template: howto-guide-template
last_updated: Dec 6, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/migration-concepts/migrate-to-sccos/step-1-integrate-the-docker-sdk.html
---

To start migrating from the on-prem system to SCCOS, the first thing you need to do is to integrate the Docker SDK. To integrate the Docker SDK, follow these steps.

## Prerequisites
Make sure you have met the installation prerequisites as detailed in the [installation prerequisites guide](/docs/dg/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites-on-macos.html).

## 1. Integrate the Docker SDK
To facilitate local development and SCCOS deployment, you have to integrate the Docker SDK into your project. Be sure to select the appropriate version of Docker SDK as described in [Choosing a Docker SDK version](/docs/dg/dev/sdks/the-docker-sdk/choosing-a-docker-sdk-version.html).

## 2. Running the project on Docker
To run your project on a local machine using the Docker SDK, refer to the [Docker SDK quick start guide](/docs/dg/dev/sdks/the-docker-sdk/docker-sdk-quick-start-guide.html). Additionally, prepare the necessary [deployment files](/docs/dg/dev/sdks/the-docker-sdk/deploy-file/deploy-file.html) for both local and remote environments. You can use public Demo Shops as references. For example, check out the deploy file of the [B2B public Demo Shop](https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2b-demo-shop/blob/master/deploy.dev.yml).
Once you have successfully integrated the Docker SDK and defined your deploy files, create the [installation recipes](/docs/dg/dev/sdks/the-docker-sdk/installation-recipes-of-deployment-pipelines.html) for deployment pipelines. Assuming all the preceding integration steps have been executed, your application should be bootable on a local machine with minimal data imported, making it ready for deployment to one of the demo environments.

## Next step
[Step 2: Upgrade the PHP version](/docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-upgrade-the-php-version.html)

Commit message:

DEV Migrate pt1 SEO Update
Meta desc changed for the following pages;
- upgrade and migrate > migrate from auth to securitygui module
- upgrade and migrate > migrate from tslint to eslint
- upgrade and migrate > migrate from yarn to npm
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud adapt the filesystem based features
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud add frontend assets
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud choose a multistore setup
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud finalize the migration
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud integrate the docker sdk
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud migrate database
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud migrate non standard services
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud restore es and redis
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud upgrade the php version
- upgrade and migrate >  migrate to cloud > migrate to cloud wire custom services

docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-integrate-the-docker-sdk.md, after:

---
title: "Migrate to cloud: Integrate the Docker SDK"
description: Learn how to integrate the Docker SDK to start your migration to Spryker Cloud Commerce OS.
template: howto-guide-template
last_updated: Dec 6, 2023
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/migration-concepts/migrate-to-sccos/step-1-integrate-the-docker-sdk.html
---

To start migrating from the on-prem system to SCCOS, the first thing you need to do is to integrate the Docker SDK. To integrate the Docker SDK, follow these steps.

## Prerequisites
Make sure you have met the installation prerequisites as detailed in the [installation prerequisites guide](/docs/dg/dev/set-up-spryker-locally/install-spryker/install-docker-prerequisites/install-docker-prerequisites-on-macos.html).

## 1. Integrate the Docker SDK
To facilitate local development and SCCOS deployment, you have to integrate the Docker SDK into your project. Be sure to select the appropriate version of Docker SDK as described in [Choosing a Docker SDK version](/docs/dg/dev/sdks/the-docker-sdk/choosing-a-docker-sdk-version.html).

## 2. Running the project on Docker
To run your project on a local machine using the Docker SDK, refer to the [Docker SDK quick start guide](/docs/dg/dev/sdks/the-docker-sdk/docker-sdk-quick-start-guide.html). Additionally, prepare the necessary [deployment files](/docs/dg/dev/sdks/the-docker-sdk/deploy-file/deploy-file.html) for both local and remote environments. You can use public Demo Shops as references. For example, check out the deploy file of the [B2B public Demo Shop](https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2b-demo-shop/blob/master/deploy.dev.yml).
Once you have successfully integrated the Docker SDK and defined your deploy files, create the [installation recipes](/docs/dg/dev/sdks/the-docker-sdk/installation-recipes-of-deployment-pipelines.html) for deployment pipelines. Assuming all the preceding integration steps have been executed, your application should be bootable on a local machine with minimal data imported, making it ready for deployment to one of the demo environments.

## Next step
[Step 2: Upgrade the PHP version](/docs/dg/dev/upgrade-and-migrate/migrate-to-cloud/migrate-to-cloud-upgrade-the-php-version.html)
