docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/202410.0/marketplace/marketplace-wishlist-feature-overview.md, before:

---
title: Marketplace Wishlist feature overview
description: This document contains concept information for the Marketplace Wishlist feature.
template: concept-topic-template
last_updated: Nov 21, 2023
---

Wishlists are collections of products that a customer saves for further reference.

The *Marketplace Wishlist* feature lets customers add product offers and merchant products to a wishlist in the Marketplace Storefront. This way, customers save time without having to browse favorite items all over the marketplace shop.

<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/marketplace/marketplace-wishlist-feature-overview.md/add-products-and-offers-to-wishlist.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>


Merchant information is displayed in the *Sold by* field so that a customer can always know which merchant is the owner of the product.

Once the customer decides to buy a product, they can add it to cart directly from the wishlist.

<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/marketplace/marketplace-wishlist-feature-overview.md/add-merchant-product-offer-from-wishlist-to-cart.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>

## Related Developer articles

| INSTALLATION GUIDES | GLUE API GUIDES  |
| ------------- | -------------- |
| [Install the Marketplace Wishlist feature](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{page.version}}/marketplace/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-marketplace-wishlist-feature.html) | [Managing wishlists](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{page.version}}/marketplace/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-manage-marketplace-wishlists.html)
| [Install the Marketplace Product Offer + Wishlist Glue API](/docs/pbc/all/offer-management/{{page.version}}/marketplace/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-marketplace-product-offer-wishlist-glue-api.html) | [Managing wishlist items](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-manage-wishlist-items.html) |

Commit message:

PBC Wishlist SEO Update
Meta desc changed for the following pages ;
- base shop > install and upgrade > Install features > install the shopping list agent assist feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > Install features > install the shopping lists feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > Install features > install the shopping lists quick add to cart feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > Install features > install the wishlist alternative product feature
- base shop > install and upgrade > Install glue api > install the shopping list glue api
- base shop > install and upgrade > Upgrade modules > upgrade the shopping list module
- base shop > install and upgrade > Upgrade modules > upgrade the shopping list widget module
- base shop > install and upgrade > manage using glue api > glue api manage shopping list items
- base shop > install and upgrade > manage using glue api > glue api manage shopping lists
- base shop > install and upgrade > manage using glue api > glue api manage wishlists
- base shop > install and upgrade > shopping lists feature overview > shopping lists feature overview
- marketplace > Domain model and relationship > marketplace shopping lsits feature domain model and relationships
- marketplace > install and upgrade > install features > install the marketplace wishlist feature
- marketplace > install and upgrade > install glue api > install the marketplace wishlist prices glue api
- marketplace > install and upgrade > install glue api > install the marketplace wishlist product offer glue api
- marketplace > install and upgrade > install glue api > install the wishlist marketplace product offer prices glue api
- marketplace > manage using glue api > glue api manage marketplace shopping list items
- marketplace > manage using glue api > glue api manage marketplace shopping lists
- marketplace > marketplace wishlist feature overview
- shopping list and wishlist

docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/202410.0/marketplace/marketplace-wishlist-feature-overview.md, after:

---
title: Marketplace Wishlist feature overview
description: Learn about the Spryker Marketplace Wishlist Feature with this overview, helping your shoppers save time by having their favourite items in one place.
template: concept-topic-template
last_updated: Nov 21, 2023
---

Wishlists are collections of products that a customer saves for further reference.

The *Marketplace Wishlist* feature lets customers add product offers and merchant products to a wishlist in the Marketplace Storefront. This way, customers save time without having to browse favorite items all over the marketplace shop.

<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/marketplace/marketplace-wishlist-feature-overview.md/add-products-and-offers-to-wishlist.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>


Merchant information is displayed in the *Sold by* field so that a customer can always know which merchant is the owner of the product.

Once the customer decides to buy a product, they can add it to cart directly from the wishlist.

<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/marketplace/marketplace-wishlist-feature-overview.md/add-merchant-product-offer-from-wishlist-to-cart.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>

## Related Developer articles

| INSTALLATION GUIDES | GLUE API GUIDES  |
| ------------- | -------------- |
| [Install the Marketplace Wishlist feature](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{page.version}}/marketplace/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-marketplace-wishlist-feature.html) | [Managing wishlists](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{page.version}}/marketplace/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-manage-marketplace-wishlists.html)
| [Install the Marketplace Product Offer + Wishlist Glue API](/docs/pbc/all/offer-management/{{page.version}}/marketplace/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-marketplace-product-offer-wishlist-glue-api.html) | [Managing wishlist items](/docs/pbc/all/shopping-list-and-wishlist/{{page.version}}/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-manage-wishlist-items.html) |
