docs/pbc/all/price-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-the-product-price-glue-api.md, before:

---
title: Install the Product Price Glue API
last_updated: Jun 18, 2021
template: feature-integration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/glue-api-prices-api-feature-integration
originalArticleId: 50d3f39f-3a3c-4fc2-a717-179a0205dee7
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/glue-api-prices-api-feature-integration
  - /2021080/docs/en/glue-api-prices-api-feature-integration
  - /docs/glue-api-prices-api-feature-integration
  - /docs/en/glue-api-prices-api-feature-integration
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202200.0/glue-api/glue-api-product-price-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202311.0/glue-api/glue-api-product-price-feature-integration.html  
  - /docs/pbc/all/price-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-the-product-price-glue-api.html
related:
  - title: Install the Prices feature
    link: docs/pbc/all/price-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-prices-feature.html
  - title: Retrieving abstract product prices
    link: docs/pbc/all/price-management/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-retrieve-abstract-product-prices.html
  - title: Retrieving concrete product prices
    link: docs/pbc/all/price-management/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-retrieve-concrete-product-prices.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-glue-api/install-the-product-price-glue-api.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202311.0/install-glue-api/install-the-product-price-glue-api.md -->

Commit message:

PBC Price Management SEO Update
Changed meta descriptions for some pages within the pbc > all > price management > 202410.0 folder. This is for an SEO update.

docs/pbc/all/price-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-the-product-price-glue-api.md, after:

---
title: Install the Product Price Glue API
description: Learn how to install thee Product Price GLUE API in to your Spryker based projects.
last_updated: Jun 18, 2021
template: feature-integration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/glue-api-prices-api-feature-integration
originalArticleId: 50d3f39f-3a3c-4fc2-a717-179a0205dee7
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/glue-api-prices-api-feature-integration
  - /2021080/docs/en/glue-api-prices-api-feature-integration
  - /docs/glue-api-prices-api-feature-integration
  - /docs/en/glue-api-prices-api-feature-integration
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202200.0/glue-api/glue-api-product-price-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202311.0/glue-api/glue-api-product-price-feature-integration.html  
  - /docs/pbc/all/price-management/202204.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-the-product-price-glue-api.html
related:
  - title: Install the Prices feature
    link: docs/pbc/all/price-management/page.version/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-prices-feature.html
  - title: Retrieving abstract product prices
    link: docs/pbc/all/price-management/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-retrieve-abstract-product-prices.html
  - title: Retrieving concrete product prices
    link: docs/pbc/all/price-management/page.version/base-shop/manage-using-glue-api/glue-api-retrieve-concrete-product-prices.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-glue-api/install-the-product-price-glue-api.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202311.0/install-glue-api/install-the-product-price-glue-api.md -->
