docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/202410.0/base-shop/generate-login-tokens.md, before:

---
title: Generate login tokens
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: howto-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
originalArticleId: d8eb9816-18d8-4da0-b856-1d3989a07932
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
  - /2021080/docs/en/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
  - /docs/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
  - /docs/en/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
  - /v6/docs/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
  - /v6/docs/en/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
related:
  - title: Customer Login by Token overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/page.version/base-shop/company-account-feature-overview/customer-login-by-token-overview.html
---

The [Customer Login by Token](/docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/company-account-feature-overview/customer-login-by-token-overview.html) feature lets B2B users log in to a Spryker Shop using a token.

A token is a unique identifier that contains all the information needed for authentication to fetch a specific resource without using a username and password. The tokens are JSON strings that are encoded in the `base64url` format.

To generate a token, follow the steps:

1. Adjusted the following transfers for expansion:

```xml
<transfer name="Customer">
	<property name="additionalProperty" type="array" />
</transfer>

<transfer name="CompanyUserIdentifier">
	<property name="additionalProperty" type="array" />
</transfer>

<transfer name="OauthUser">
	<property name="additionalProperty" type="array" />
</transfer>

<transfer name="OauthRequest">
	<property name="additionalProperty" type="array" />
</transfer>
```

2. Generate a token using a facade call `OauthCompanyUserFacade::createCompanyUserAccessToken()`:

```php
$customerTransfer = (new CustomerTransfer())
	->setCompanyUserTransfer((new CompanyUserTransfer())->setIdCompanyUser(11))
	->setAdditionalProperty(['key' => 'value']);

$oauthResponseTransfer = OauthCompanyUserFacade::createCompanyUserAccessToken($customerTransfer);
$accessToken = $oauthResponseTransfer->getAccessToken();
```

3. Retrieve the customer by an access token using a client call `OauthCompanyUserClient::getCustomerByAccessToken()`:

```php
$customerTransfer = OauthCompanyUserClient::getCustomerByAccessToken($accessToken)->getCustomerTransfer();

$additionalProperty = $customerTransfer->getAdditionalProperty(); // ['key' => 'value']
```

Commit message:

PBC CRM Part 1 SEO Update
Changed the following meta description for an SEO Update;
- customer account management feature overview > customer accounts overview
- customer account management feature overview >  customer login overview
- customer account management feature overview > customer registration overview
- customer account management feature overview > password management overview
- domain model and relationships > company account module relations
- domain model and relationships >  customer login by token reference information
- generate login tokens
- import and export data > file details customer
- install and upgrade > install the company account feature
- install and upgrade >  install the company account merchant b2b contract requests feature
- install and upgrade >  install the company account merchant b2b contracts feature
- install and upgrade >  install the company account glue api
- install and upgrade >  install the customer account management glue api
- install and upgrade >  upgrade the company business unit module
- install and upgrade >  upgrade the company user auth rest api module
- install and upgrade >  upgrade the company user rest api module
- install and upgrade >  upgrade the shared cart page

docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/202410.0/base-shop/generate-login-tokens.md, after:

---
title: Generate login tokens
description: Learn how to generate login tokens for your Spryker Store and how to retrieve the customer from the tokens.
last_updated: Jun 16, 2021
template: howto-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
originalArticleId: d8eb9816-18d8-4da0-b856-1d3989a07932
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
  - /2021080/docs/en/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
  - /docs/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
  - /docs/en/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
  - /v6/docs/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
  - /v6/docs/en/howto-generate-a-token-for-login
related:
  - title: Customer Login by Token overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/page.version/base-shop/company-account-feature-overview/customer-login-by-token-overview.html
---

The [Customer Login by Token](/docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/company-account-feature-overview/customer-login-by-token-overview.html) feature lets B2B users log in to a Spryker Shop using a token.

A token is a unique identifier that contains all the information needed for authentication to fetch a specific resource without using a username and password. The tokens are JSON strings that are encoded in the `base64url` format.

To generate a token, follow the steps:

1. Adjusted the following transfers for expansion:

```xml
<transfer name="Customer">
	<property name="additionalProperty" type="array" />
</transfer>

<transfer name="CompanyUserIdentifier">
	<property name="additionalProperty" type="array" />
</transfer>

<transfer name="OauthUser">
	<property name="additionalProperty" type="array" />
</transfer>

<transfer name="OauthRequest">
	<property name="additionalProperty" type="array" />
</transfer>
```

2. Generate a token using a facade call `OauthCompanyUserFacade::createCompanyUserAccessToken()`:

```php
$customerTransfer = (new CustomerTransfer())
	->setCompanyUserTransfer((new CompanyUserTransfer())->setIdCompanyUser(11))
	->setAdditionalProperty(['key' => 'value']);

$oauthResponseTransfer = OauthCompanyUserFacade::createCompanyUserAccessToken($customerTransfer);
$accessToken = $oauthResponseTransfer->getAccessToken();
```

3. Retrieve the customer by an access token using a client call `OauthCompanyUserClient::getCustomerByAccessToken()`:

```php
$customerTransfer = OauthCompanyUserClient::getCustomerByAccessToken($accessToken)->getCustomerTransfer();

$additionalProperty = $customerTransfer->getAdditionalProperty(); // ['key' => 'value']
```
