docs/about/all/about-the-docs/contribute-to-the-docs/edit-the-docs-locally.md, before:

---
title: Edit the docs locally
description: Learn how edit the documentation on your machine.
last_updated: Jan 23, 2023
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.html

---


This document describes how to edit documents on your machine and submit your changes directly to our repository.

## Prerequisites

* Account on [GitHub](https://github.com/).
* [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/).
* Editor of your choice. We recommend [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) or similar editors which let you browse files.

## Clone the Spryker docs repository

1. Open GitHub Desktop.
2. Go to the [Spryker docs repository](https://github.com/spryker/spryker-docs).
3. Click **Code&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Open with GitHub Desktop**.
    You may need to allow opening links in the desktop application. This opens GitHub Desktop with the **Clone a Repository** window. The fields are prefilled.
4. Optional: For **Local Path**, click **Choose** and select a suitable location to store the repository.
5. Click **Clone**.
    This clones the repository to your machine. When finished, you can see the current state of the repository on your machine. The **Current Branch** is **master**.

<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.md/Clone+Spryker+docs+repo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>

## Create and publish a branch

1. To change the branch, click **Current Branch&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> New Branch**.
    This opens the **Create a Brunch** window.

2. For **Name**, enter a branch name that best describes your changes.
    The app automatically replaces spaces in branch names with hyphens. You don't have to do anything about it.

3. Click **Create Branch**.
    This changes the **Current Branch** to the branch name you've entered. The branch exists only on your machine.

4. To add the branch to our repository on GitHub, click **Publish branch**.

<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.md/Switch+and+publish+branch.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>


## Find the documents you want to edit on your machine

At this point, you are most likely to know which document you want to edit. To find the document on your machine, you need to look up its path in the URL. Open the document on our website and check the path starting from `/docs/`. For example, the URL of the document you are reading is `https://docs.spryker.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.html`. The path of this document on your machine is `docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.md`. The path is relative to where you chose to store the repository.

## Edit documents

1. Open the document you want to edit in an editor.
2. Add the needed changes.
    You'd help us a lot by following [Markdown syntax](/docs/about/all/about-the-docs/style-guide/markdown-syntax.html) and [general rules](/docs/about/all/about-the-docs/style-guide/general-rules-and-guidance-for-adding-docs.html), but it's completely optional. We are grateful for your contribution in any form.
3. Save the edited document.
4. In GitHub Desktop, double-check your changes in the **Changes** tab.
5. Below the list of edited files, enter the name and description of your changes. The name of your fist commit will be used as the pull request's name.
6. To add your changes to the branch, click **Commit to {BRANCH_NAME}**.
7. To publish the changes on GitHub, click **Push origin**.
    If you are editing in several sessions, it is good practice to commit and push after each session. If something happens to the changes on your machine, they will be safe on GitHub, and you will be able to keep working on them.


<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.md/Commit+and+push.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>    


## Submit changes for publishing

1. To prepare the changes to be published on the documentation website, click **Create Pull Request**.
    This opens the **Open a pull request** page with prefilled name and description.
2. Optional: Update the pull requests's name to match the changes.

<a name="pr-naming-convention"></a>

{% info_block infoBox "Naming convention" %}

The name of the pull request must match the title of the page or section you've created or edited. For example, if you've made changes to this document, the pull request's name should be "Edit the documentation locally".

{% endinfo_block %}

3. Add a description of what you've changed.
4. Add the **TW review needed** label.
  This confirms that the PR can be reviewed and merged.
5. Click **Create pull request**.
    This refreshes the page and displays the created pull request. The status is **Open**.


<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.md/Create+a+pull+request.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>


That's it. We'll take it from here. During the review, we may post comments for your changes. Notifications about comments and PR status changes will be sent to the email address of your GitHub account. After the pull request is merged, the changes will appear on the website.

Commit message:

About the Docs SEO
The following pages have been updated for SEO:

About-spryker-docs: Meta Description

Add Global sections to the docs: Meta Description

Add images and other media to the docs: Meta Description

Contribute to the docs: Meta Description

Edit the docs Locally: Meta Description

Edit the docs using a web browser: Meta Description

Review Docs Pull Requests: Meta Description

Run the docs locally: Meta Description

general rules and guidance for adding docs: Meta Description

Spryker Docs Style Guide: Meta Description

Style guide examples: Meta Description

Style Guide Spelling: Meta Description

Word List: Meta Description

docs/about/all/about-the-docs/contribute-to-the-docs/edit-the-docs-locally.md, after:

---
title: Edit the docs locally
description: Easily edit and contribute towards Spryker Documentation locally on your machine, edit articles and commit them for review.
last_updated: Jan 23, 2023
template: howto-guide-template
redirect_from:
- /docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.html

---


This document describes how to edit documents on your machine and submit your changes directly to our repository.

## Prerequisites

* Account on [GitHub](https://github.com/).
* [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/).
* Editor of your choice. We recommend [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) or similar editors which let you browse files.

## Clone the Spryker docs repository

1. Open GitHub Desktop.
2. Go to the [Spryker docs repository](https://github.com/spryker/spryker-docs).
3. Click **Code&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Open with GitHub Desktop**.
    You may need to allow opening links in the desktop application. This opens GitHub Desktop with the **Clone a Repository** window. The fields are prefilled.
4. Optional: For **Local Path**, click **Choose** and select a suitable location to store the repository.
5. Click **Clone**.
    This clones the repository to your machine. When finished, you can see the current state of the repository on your machine. The **Current Branch** is **master**.

<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.md/Clone+Spryker+docs+repo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>

## Create and publish a branch

1. To change the branch, click **Current Branch&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> New Branch**.
    This opens the **Create a Brunch** window.

2. For **Name**, enter a branch name that best describes your changes.
    The app automatically replaces spaces in branch names with hyphens. You don't have to do anything about it.

3. Click **Create Branch**.
    This changes the **Current Branch** to the branch name you've entered. The branch exists only on your machine.

4. To add the branch to our repository on GitHub, click **Publish branch**.

<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.md/Switch+and+publish+branch.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>


## Find the documents you want to edit on your machine

At this point, you are most likely to know which document you want to edit. To find the document on your machine, you need to look up its path in the URL. Open the document on our website and check the path starting from `/docs/`. For example, the URL of the document you are reading is `https://docs.spryker.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.html`. The path of this document on your machine is `docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.md`. The path is relative to where you chose to store the repository.

## Edit documents

1. Open the document you want to edit in an editor.
2. Add the needed changes.
    You'd help us a lot by following [Markdown syntax](/docs/about/all/about-the-docs/style-guide/markdown-syntax.html) and [general rules](/docs/about/all/about-the-docs/style-guide/general-rules-and-guidance-for-adding-docs.html), but it's completely optional. We are grateful for your contribution in any form.
3. Save the edited document.
4. In GitHub Desktop, double-check your changes in the **Changes** tab.
5. Below the list of edited files, enter the name and description of your changes. The name of your fist commit will be used as the pull request's name.
6. To add your changes to the branch, click **Commit to {BRANCH_NAME}**.
7. To publish the changes on GitHub, click **Push origin**.
    If you are editing in several sessions, it is good practice to commit and push after each session. If something happens to the changes on your machine, they will be safe on GitHub, and you will be able to keep working on them.


<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.md/Commit+and+push.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>    


## Submit changes for publishing

1. To prepare the changes to be published on the documentation website, click **Create Pull Request**.
    This opens the **Open a pull request** page with prefilled name and description.
2. Optional: Update the pull requests's name to match the changes.

<a name="pr-naming-convention"></a>

{% info_block infoBox "Naming convention" %}

The name of the pull request must match the title of the page or section you've created or edited. For example, if you've made changes to this document, the pull request's name should be "Edit the documentation locally".

{% endinfo_block %}

3. Add a description of what you've changed.
4. Add the **TW review needed** label.
  This confirms that the PR can be reviewed and merged.
5. Click **Create pull request**.
    This refreshes the page and displays the created pull request. The status is **Open**.


<figure class="video_container">
    <video width="100%" height="auto" controls>
    <source src="https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/edit-the-documentation-locally.md/Create+a+pull+request.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
</figure>


That's it. We'll take it from here. During the review, we may post comments for your changes. Notifications about comments and PR status changes will be sent to the email address of your GitHub account. After the pull request is merged, the changes will appear on the website.
