docs/pbc/all/tax-management/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/edit-tax-sets.md, before:

---
title: Edit tax sets
last_updated: May 31, 2022
template: back-office-user-guide-template
related:
  - title: Tax feature overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/tax-management/page.version/base-shop/tax-feature-overview.html
redirect_from:
    - /docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/201903.0/administration/tax-sets/managing-tax-sets.html
    - /docs/pbc/all/tax-management/202311.0/base-shop/spryker-tax/manage-in-the-back-office/edit-tax-sets.html
    - /docs/pbc/all/tax-management/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/edit-tax-sets.html
---

To edit a [tax set](/docs/pbc/all/tax-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/tax-feature-overview.html) in the Back Office, follow the steps:

1. Go to **Administration&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Tax Sets**.
    This opens the **Overview of Tax Sets** page.
2. Next to the tax set you want to edit, click **Edit**.
3. On the **Edit Tax Set** page, enter a **NAME**.
4. For **TAX RATES**, do any of the following:
    * Clear the checkboxes next to the tax rates you want to unassign from the tax set.
    * Select the checkboxes next to the tax rates you want to assign to the tax set.
5. Click **Save**.

## Reference information: Edit tax sets

| ATTRIBUTE |DESCRIPTION  |
| --- | --- |
| NAME | You use the name when assigning the tax set to products, delivery methods, and thresholds. |
| TAX RATES | Tax rates to assign to the tax set. For instructions on creating tax rates, see [Create tax rates](/docs/pbc/all/tax-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/create-tax-rates.html). |

Commit message:

PBC Tax Management SEO Update
Met desc changed for the following pages;
- base shop > import and export data > import file details product abstract csv
- base shop > import and export data > import file details product option csv
- base shop > import and export data > import file details details shipment csv
- base shop > import and export data > import file details details tax sets
- base shop > import and export data > tax management data import
- base shop > install and upgrade > upgrade the product tax sets rest api module
- base shop > install and upgrade > upgrade the tax module
- base shop > manage in the back office > create tax rates
- base shop > manage in the back office > create tax sets
- base shop > manage in the back office > edit tax rates
- base shop > manage in the back office > edit tax sets
- base shop > manage in the back office > manage taxes in the back office
- base shop > manage using the glue api > retrieve tax rates
- base shop > third party integrations > avalara > apply avalara tax codes
- base shop > third party integrations > avalara > avalara
- base shop > third party integrations > avalara > install avalara shipment
- base shop > third party integrations > avalara > install avalara product options
- base shop > third party integrations > avalara > install avalara
- base shop > third party integrations > vertex > connect vertex
- base shop > third party integrations > vertex > disconnect vertex
- base shop > third party integrations > vertex > install vertex > integrate the acp connector module for tax calculation
- base shop > third party integrations > vertex > troubleshooting vertex
- base shop > third party integrations > vertex > vertex faq
- base shop > third party integrations > vertex > vertex

docs/pbc/all/tax-management/202410.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/edit-tax-sets.md, after:

---
title: Edit tax sets
description: Learn how you can edit tax sets directly in the back office of your Spryker Cloud Commerce OS project.
last_updated: May 31, 2022
template: back-office-user-guide-template
related:
  - title: Tax feature overview
    link: docs/pbc/all/tax-management/page.version/base-shop/tax-feature-overview.html
redirect_from:
    - /docs/scos/user/back-office-user-guides/201903.0/administration/tax-sets/managing-tax-sets.html
    - /docs/pbc/all/tax-management/202311.0/base-shop/spryker-tax/manage-in-the-back-office/edit-tax-sets.html
    - /docs/pbc/all/tax-management/202204.0/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/edit-tax-sets.html
---

To edit a [tax set](/docs/pbc/all/tax-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/tax-feature-overview.html) in the Back Office, follow the steps:

1. Go to **Administration&nbsp;<span aria-label="and then">></span> Tax Sets**.
    This opens the **Overview of Tax Sets** page.
2. Next to the tax set you want to edit, click **Edit**.
3. On the **Edit Tax Set** page, enter a **NAME**.
4. For **TAX RATES**, do any of the following:
    * Clear the checkboxes next to the tax rates you want to unassign from the tax set.
    * Select the checkboxes next to the tax rates you want to assign to the tax set.
5. Click **Save**.

## Reference information: Edit tax sets

| ATTRIBUTE |DESCRIPTION  |
| --- | --- |
| NAME | You use the name when assigning the tax set to products, delivery methods, and thresholds. |
| TAX RATES | Tax rates to assign to the tax set. For instructions on creating tax rates, see [Create tax rates](/docs/pbc/all/tax-management/{{site.version}}/base-shop/manage-in-the-back-office/create-tax-rates.html). |
