docs/ca/dev/security/penetration-testing.md, before:

---
title: Penetration testing
description: Guidance on Penetration and Security testing of your Application
template: howto-guide-template
last_updated: Apr 8, 2024
---

This document describes the aspects to consider while preparing and conducting a penetration test.

## General considerations

Penetration tests are an integral part of improving the security of your application. We strongly encourage our customers and partners to conduct penetration tests, especially during go-live preparations and after major updates or project milestones.

## Preparation for a penetration test

Let us know about your plans to run a penetration test by reaching out to secops@spryker.com and by completing the [Penetration Test Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfunn1HY-nsqueP6sRQSLmScUWlmmQyQJk9cscIVIP_5BmuOw/viewform). Make sure to provide at least a seven working days’ notice. Take into account the [AWS Penetration Testing Policy](https://aws.amazon.com/security/penetration-testing/), which outlines prohibited activities.

Commit message:

Cloud Admin security and  custom domain SEO updates
The following pages meta descriptions have been changed for an SEO Update.
- security > generate access keys
- security > penetration testing
- security > set up multi factor authentication
- security > web application firewall
- set up a custom domain name > set up a custom domain name with a third party dns zone provider
- set up a custom domain name > set up a custom domain name with route 53
- set up a custom domain name > set up a custom domain name

docs/ca/dev/security/penetration-testing.md, after:

---
title: Penetration testing
description: Prepare and conduct penetration tests for your Spryker Cloud Commerce OS environment by following guidelines, informing Spryker, and adhering to testing policies.
template: howto-guide-template
last_updated: Apr 8, 2024
---

This document describes the aspects to consider while preparing and conducting a penetration test.

## General considerations

Penetration tests are an integral part of improving the security of your application. We strongly encourage our customers and partners to conduct penetration tests, especially during go-live preparations and after major updates or project milestones.

## Preparation for a penetration test

Let us know about your plans to run a penetration test by reaching out to secops@spryker.com and by completing the [Penetration Test Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfunn1HY-nsqueP6sRQSLmScUWlmmQyQJk9cscIVIP_5BmuOw/viewform). Make sure to provide at least a seven working days’ notice. Take into account the [AWS Penetration Testing Policy](https://aws.amazon.com/security/penetration-testing/), which outlines prohibited activities.
