docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-company-account-glue-api.md, before:

---
title: Install the Company Account Glue API
last_updated: Jul 13, 2021
template: feature-integration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/glue-api-company-account-api-feature-integration
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/glue-api-company-account-api-feature-integration
  - /2021080/docs/en/glue-api-company-account-api-feature-integration
  - /docs/glue-api-company-account-api-feature-integration
  - /docs/en/glue-api-company-account-api-feature-integration
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/201811.0/glue-api/glue-api-company-account-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/201903.0/glue-api/glue-api-company-account-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202311.0/glue-api/glue-api-company-account-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202204.0/glue-api/glue-api-company-account-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/202403.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-company-account-glue-api.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-glue-api/install-the-company-account-glue-api.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202404.0/install-glue-api/install-the-company-account-glue-api.md -->

Commit message:

PBC CRM Part 1 SEO Update
Changed the following meta description for an SEO Update;
- customer account management feature overview > customer accounts overview
- customer account management feature overview >  customer login overview
- customer account management feature overview > customer registration overview
- customer account management feature overview > password management overview
- domain model and relationships > company account module relations
- domain model and relationships >  customer login by token reference information
- generate login tokens
- import and export data > file details customer
- install and upgrade > install the company account feature
- install and upgrade >  install the company account merchant b2b contract requests feature
- install and upgrade >  install the company account merchant b2b contracts feature
- install and upgrade >  install the company account glue api
- install and upgrade >  install the customer account management glue api
- install and upgrade >  upgrade the company business unit module
- install and upgrade >  upgrade the company user auth rest api module
- install and upgrade >  upgrade the company user rest api module
- install and upgrade >  upgrade the shared cart page

docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/202410.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-company-account-glue-api.md, after:

---
title: Install the Company Account Glue API
description: Learn how ot install and configure the Spryker Company Account GLUE API in to your Spryker projects.
last_updated: Jul 13, 2021
template: feature-integration-guide-template
originalLink: https://documentation.spryker.com/2021080/docs/glue-api-company-account-api-feature-integration
redirect_from:
  - /2021080/docs/glue-api-company-account-api-feature-integration
  - /2021080/docs/en/glue-api-company-account-api-feature-integration
  - /docs/glue-api-company-account-api-feature-integration
  - /docs/en/glue-api-company-account-api-feature-integration
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/201811.0/glue-api/glue-api-company-account-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/201903.0/glue-api/glue-api-company-account-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202311.0/glue-api/glue-api-company-account-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202204.0/glue-api/glue-api-company-account-feature-integration.html
  - /docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/202403.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-glue-api/install-the-company-account-glue-api.html
---

{% include pbc/all/install-features/{{page.version}}/install-glue-api/install-the-company-account-glue-api.md %} <!-- To edit, see /_includes/pbc/all/install-features/202404.0/install-glue-api/install-the-company-account-glue-api.md -->
